---
title: Shenzhen Nanshan Museum
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Shenzhen-Nanshan-Museum/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098170/11129999.png',
                title: 'Shenzhen Nanshan Museum',
                description: 'Nanshan Museum is a large comprehensive museum. It covers an area of about 19,000 square meters, wit...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098170/11129999.png',
                title: 'Shenzhen Nanshan Museum',
                description: 'Nanshan Museum is a large comprehensive museum. It covers an area of about 19,000 square meters, wit...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Nanshan District
- Park Category: museum
- Detailed Address: No. 2093, Nanshan Avenue, Nanshan District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Nanshan Museum is a large comprehensive museum. It covers an area of about 19,000 square meters, with a building area of about 36,000 square meters and a total exhibition area of about 7,000 square meters. It can undertake the highest standards and requirements of international and domestic professional museums, as well as exhibitions of modern and contemporary art. The museum has a total of 7 exhibition halls, including 3 permanent exhibition halls. Through the "Nanshan Story" exhibition, it fully displays Nanshan's history and culture from the roots of Shenzhen and Hong Kong to the pioneer of reform and opening up, and has developed into a hub of Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Tuesday to Sunday 10:00-18:00 (last admission at 17:30) Saturday night opening hours: 18:00-21:00 (last admission at 20:30) Closed on Mondays (except major national holidays), special circumstances will be announced separately.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Shenzhen Nanshan Museum
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098170/11129999.png"
    title="Shenzhen Nanshan Museum"
    description="Nanshan Museum is a large comprehensive museum. It covers an area of about 19,000 square meters, with a building area of about 36,000 square meters and a total exhibition area of about 7,000 square meters. It can undertake the highest standards and requirements of international and domestic professional museums, as well as exhibitions of modern and contemporary art. The museum has a total of 7 exhibition halls, including 3 permanent exhibition halls. Through the 'Nanshan Story' exhibition, it fully displays Nanshan's history and culture from the roots of Shenzhen and Hong Kong to the pioneer of reform and opening up, and has developed into a hub of Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098170/11129999.png"
    title="Shenzhen Nanshan Museum"
    description="Nanshan Museum is a large comprehensive museum. It covers an area of about 19,000 square meters, with a building area of about 36,000 square meters and a total exhibition area of about 7,000 square meters. It can undertake the highest standards and requirements of international and domestic professional museums, as well as exhibitions of modern and contemporary art. The museum has a total of 7 exhibition halls, including 3 permanent exhibition halls. Through the 'Nanshan Story' exhibition, it fully displays Nanshan's history and culture from the roots of Shenzhen and Hong Kong to the pioneer of reform and opening up, and has developed into a hub of Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Take bus No. 42, No. 201, No. 301, No. m371 to Xin'an Ancient City Station

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098861/11132704.png"
        title="Nantou Ancient City Museum, Nanshan District, Shenzhen (Nanshan Museum Branch)"
        description="Nantou Ancient City Museum is a museum of geographical themes. With a construction area of nearly 630 square meters, it is located in the southwest of Nantou Ancient City, close to Shennan Avenue. Nantou Ancient City Museum has three exhibition halls to display the 1700-year urban development history of Shenzhen. It exhibits more than 300 cultural relics, narrating the history of Shenzhen city from the sixth year of Xianhe in the Eastern Jin Dynasty (331 AD), and fully illustrating that Nantou Ancient City is the historical source of Shenzhen, Hong Kong and Macao. It is a national third-level museum and a patriotism education base in Guangdong Province."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Shenzhen-Nanshan-District-Nantou-Ancient-City-Museum-(Nanshan-Museum-Branch)/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098861/11132704.png"
        title="Nantou Ancient City Museum, Nanshan District, Shenzhen (Nanshan Museum Branch)"
        description="Nantou Ancient City Museum is a museum of geographical themes. With a construction area of nearly 630 square meters, it is located in the southwest of Nantou Ancient City, close to Shennan Avenue. Nantou Ancient City Museum has three exhibition halls to display the 1700-year urban development history of Shenzhen. It exhibits more than 300 cultural relics, narrating the history of Shenzhen city from the sixth year of Xianhe in the Eastern Jin Dynasty (331 AD), and fully illustrating that Nantou Ancient City is the historical source of Shenzhen, Hong Kong and Macao. It is a national third-level museum and a patriotism education base in Guangdong Province."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Shenzhen-Nanshan-District-Nantou-Ancient-City-Museum-(Nanshan-Museum-Branch)/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11129999.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

