---
title: Nantou Ancient City Museum, Nanshan District, Shenzhen (Nanshan Museum Branch)
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Shenzhen-Nanshan-District-Nantou-Ancient-City-Museum-(Nanshan-Museum-Branch)/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098861/11132704.png',
                title: 'Nantou Ancient City Museum, Nanshan District, Shenzhen (Nanshan Museum Branch)',
                description: 'Nantou Ancient City Museum is a museum of geographical themes. With a construction area of nearly 63...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098861/11132704.png',
                title: 'Nantou Ancient City Museum, Nanshan District, Shenzhen (Nanshan Museum Branch)',
                description: 'Nantou Ancient City Museum is a museum of geographical themes. With a construction area of nearly 63...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Nanshan District
- Park Category: museum
- Detailed Address: No. 12036, Shennan Avenue, Nanshan District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Nantou Ancient City Museum is a museum of geographical themes. With a construction area of nearly 630 square meters, it is located in the southwest of Nantou Ancient City, close to Shennan Avenue. Nantou Ancient City Museum has three exhibition halls to display the 1700-year urban development history of Shenzhen. It exhibits more than 300 cultural relics, narrating the history of Shenzhen city from the sixth year of Xianhe in the Eastern Jin Dynasty (331 AD), and fully illustrating that Nantou Ancient City is the historical source of Shenzhen, Hong Kong and Macao. It is a national third-level museum and a patriotism education base in Guangdong Province.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Tuesday to Sunday 10:00-17:00 (No admission at 16:30) Closed on Mondays (except major national holidays), special circumstances will be announced separately.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Nantou Ancient City Museum, Nanshan District, Shenzhen (Nanshan Museum Branch)
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098861/11132704.png"
    title="Nantou Ancient City Museum, Nanshan District, Shenzhen (Nanshan Museum Branch)"
    description="Nantou Ancient City Museum is a museum of geographical themes. With a construction area of nearly 630 square meters, it is located in the southwest of Nantou Ancient City, close to Shennan Avenue. Nantou Ancient City Museum has three exhibition halls to display the 1700-year urban development history of Shenzhen. It exhibits more than 300 cultural relics, narrating the history of Shenzhen city from the sixth year of Xianhe in the Eastern Jin Dynasty (331 AD), and fully illustrating that Nantou Ancient City is the historical source of Shenzhen, Hong Kong and Macao. It is a national third-level museum and a patriotism education base in Guangdong Province."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098861/11132704.png"
    title="Nantou Ancient City Museum, Nanshan District, Shenzhen (Nanshan Museum Branch)"
    description="Nantou Ancient City Museum is a museum of geographical themes. With a construction area of nearly 630 square meters, it is located in the southwest of Nantou Ancient City, close to Shennan Avenue. Nantou Ancient City Museum has three exhibition halls to display the 1700-year urban development history of Shenzhen. It exhibits more than 300 cultural relics, narrating the history of Shenzhen city from the sixth year of Xianhe in the Eastern Jin Dynasty (331 AD), and fully illustrating that Nantou Ancient City is the historical source of Shenzhen, Hong Kong and Macao. It is a national third-level museum and a patriotism education base in Guangdong Province."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Take bus No. 226, B945 or M113 to Tianhou Temple Station

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4223/4223081/11644501.png"
        title="Shenzhen Nanshan District Tin Hau Museum (Nanshan Museum Branch)"
        description="The Tianhou Museum is a thematic folk museum. It is located in Chiwan District, Shenzhen, backed by Nanshan Mountain and facing Lingdingyang. It covers an area of more than 28,000 square meters and has a construction area of more than 8,000 square meters. Its predecessor was the Chiwan Tianhou Ancient Temple, which was a must-go place and an important stop on the ancient Maritime Silk Road. It was the Tianhou Palace that was rebuilt and conferred by Emperor Zhu Di of the Ming Dynasty. It was also the largest and most influential Tianhou Palace in the coastal area of South China during the Ming and Qing Dynasties. The Tianhou Museum has ancient buildings such as archways, mountain gates, and halls."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Shenzhen-Nanshan-District-Tianhou-Museum-(Nanshan-Museum-Branch)/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4223/4223081/11644501.png"
        title="Shenzhen Nanshan District Tin Hau Museum (Nanshan Museum Branch)"
        description="The Tianhou Museum is a thematic folk museum. It is located in Chiwan District, Shenzhen, backed by Nanshan Mountain and facing Lingdingyang. It covers an area of more than 28,000 square meters and has a construction area of more than 8,000 square meters. Its predecessor was the Chiwan Tianhou Ancient Temple, which was a must-go place and an important stop on the ancient Maritime Silk Road. It was the Tianhou Palace that was rebuilt and conferred by Emperor Zhu Di of the Ming Dynasty. It was also the largest and most influential Tianhou Palace in the coastal area of South China during the Ming and Qing Dynasties. The Tianhou Museum has ancient buildings such as archways, mountain gates, and halls."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Shenzhen-Nanshan-District-Tianhou-Museum-(Nanshan-Museum-Branch)/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11132704.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

