---
title: Shenzhen Pingshan District Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Shenzhen-Pingshan-District-Dongjiang-Column-Memorial-Hall/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097208/11114635.jpg',
                title: 'Shenzhen Pingshan District Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall',
                description: 'The Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall was built with donations from the Shenzhen Dongjiang Column Veter...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097208/11114635.jpg',
                title: 'Shenzhen Pingshan District Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall',
                description: 'The Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall was built with donations from the Shenzhen Dongjiang Column Veter...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Pingshan District
- Park Category: museum
- Detailed Address: No. 230-1, Dongzong Road, Pingshan Street, Pingshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall was built with donations from the Shenzhen Dongjiang Column Veterans Association and various sectors of society. It was completed and opened on December 2, 2000. It covers an area of about 5,000 square meters, and the exhibition hall has a construction area of 1,500 square meters. The Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall consists of a historical exhibition hall, the former site of Qianjin Newspaper, and Zeng Sheng's former residence. It currently houses more than 1,000 pieces of Dongjiang Column historical materials and is a museum that focuses on displaying the development history and brilliant achievements of the Dongjiang Column. At present, the Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall is an international cultural exchange base for Chinese overseas Chinese,

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 9:00-17:30 from Tuesday to Sunday, no admission after 17:00, closed all day for renovation every Monday, closed on the first day after the holiday (the specific closing time is subject to the announcement of the "Shenzhen Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall" official account)
- Weekday Opening Hours: 1. Make an appointment by following the WeChat public account of "Shenzhen Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall". Individuals can make an appointment for 5 people (inclusive) at a time, and groups can make an appointment for 20 people (inclusive) at a time. Duplicate appointments are not allowed. Please scan the code to sign in when you arrive at the museum. 2. For groups of more than 20 people, please send a letter to our mailbox at least three days in advance (excluding the day) to the museum's email: szdjzdjng@163.com. The letter must truthfully state the group name, number of people, specific arrival time, name of the leader, position and party rank, whether an explanation is needed, contact person and contact information, etc. Whether the explanation appointment is successful is subject to the reply of our email (the reply time is two days before the scheduled visit time). If there is any change in information, please inform us in time. 3. Foreign guests visiting the museum should provide relevant reception letters issued by the Foreign Affairs Office, and state the name, telephone number, number of people, language, and level of the accompanying unit, as well as the level of the foreign guest group. 4. Due to the large number of groups, please arrive at the museum on time. If there is any change in the situation, please notify us in advance. If you fail to notify us in advance, it will be deemed as giving up the explanation if you are overdue for more than 15 minutes. If there is an emergency, the museum will notify the visiting group in advance to cancel or negotiate to change the visiting time, and delay the reception. Please understand. 5. The number of appointments is limited every day, and it will be closed once it is full. 6. Reservation consultation phone number: 0755-84642252.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Shenzhen Pingshan District Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall
<ImageCard
image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097208/11114635.jpg"
    title="Shenzhen Pingshan District Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall"
    description="The Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall was built with donations from the Shenzhen Dongjiang Column Veterans Association and various sectors of society. It was completed and opened on December 2, 2000. It covers an area of about 5,000 square meters, and the exhibition hall has a construction area of 1,500 square meters. The Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall consists of a historical exhibition hall, the former site of Qianjin Newspaper, and Zeng Sheng's former residence. It currently houses more than 1,000 pieces of Dongjiang Column historical materials and is a museum that focuses on displaying the development history and brilliant achievements of the Dongjiang Column. At present, the Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall is an international cultural exchange base for Chinese overseas Chinese,"
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097208/11114635.jpg"
    title="Shenzhen Pingshan District Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall"
    description="The Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall was built with donations from the Shenzhen Dongjiang Column Veterans Association and various sectors of society. It was completed and opened on December 2, 2000. It covers an area of about 5,000 square meters, and the exhibition hall has a construction area of 1,500 square meters. The Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall consists of a historical exhibition hall, the former site of Qianjin Newspaper, and Zeng Sheng's former residence. It currently houses more than 1,000 pieces of Dongjiang Column historical materials and is a museum that focuses on displaying the development history and brilliant achievements of the Dongjiang Column. At present, the Dongjiang Column Memorial Hall is an international cultural exchange base for Chinese overseas Chinese,"
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 1. Dapeng Fortress Venue: M471, M457, Dapeng Holiday Special Line 6

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108921/11171158.jpg"
        title="Dapeng New District Museum"
        description="Shenzhen Dapeng New District Museum (formerly Dapeng New District Dapeng Ancient City Museum, established in 1996) is the special management agency for the protection of the cultural relics of Dapeng Fortress, the first national key cultural relic protection site in Shenzhen. In 2005, it was announced as a patriotism education base in Guangdong Province. In 2009, it was rated as a 'national third-level museum' by the State Administration of Cultural Heritage. In January 2021, it was renamed Shenzhen Dapeng New District Museum, adding the national key cultural relic protection site - the former site of the Dongjiang Column Headquarters Cultural Relics Protection Base."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Hechangyuan-Museum,-Shenzhen/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108921/11171158.jpg"
        title="Dapeng New District Museum"
        description="Shenzhen Dapeng New District Museum (formerly Dapeng New District Dapeng Ancient City Museum, established in 1996) is the special management agency for the protection of the cultural relics of Dapeng Fortress, the first national key cultural relic protection site in Shenzhen. In 2005, it was announced as a patriotism education base in Guangdong Province. In 2009, it was rated as a 'national third-level museum' by the State Administration of Cultural Heritage. In January 2021, it was renamed Shenzhen Dapeng New District Museum, adding the national key cultural relic protection site - the former site of the Dongjiang Column Headquarters Cultural Relics Protection Base."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Hechangyuan-Museum,-Shenzhen/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                 | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | http://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11114635.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

