---
title: Shajing Oyster Culture Museum
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Shajing-Oyster-Culture-Museum/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097243/11116830.jpg',
                title: 'Shajing Oyster Culture Museum',
                description: "The Shajing Oyster Culture Museum is located at No. 299 Shajing Street, Shajing Subdistrict, Bao'an ...",
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097243/11116830.jpg',
                title: 'Shajing Oyster Culture Museum',
                description: "The Shajing Oyster Culture Museum is located at No. 299 Shajing Street, Shajing Subdistrict, Bao'an ...",
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Baoan District
- Park Category: museum
- Detailed Address: No. 299, Shajing Street, Shajing Subdistrict, Baoan District
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Shajing Oyster Culture Museum is located at No. 299 Shajing Street, Shajing Subdistrict, Bao'an District. It was built in 2009. The exhibition hall covers an area of 600 square meters and has more than 500 collections. It is the first thematic museum in Shenzhen to display the development history and oyster culture of Shajing oysters. The museum has rich exhibits, mainly showing the development history, breeding history, processing technology, production tools, and production and living customs of oyster farmers.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Tuesday to Sunday 08:30-18:00
- Weekday Opening Hours: No appointment required

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Shajing Oyster Culture Museum
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097243/11116830.jpg"
    title="Shajing Oyster Culture Museum"
    description="The Shajing Oyster Culture Museum is located at No. 299 Shajing Street, Shajing Subdistrict, Bao'an District. It was built in 2009. The exhibition hall covers an area of 600 square meters and has more than 500 collections. It is the first thematic museum in Shenzhen to display the development history and oyster culture of Shajing oysters. The museum has rich exhibits, mainly showing the development history, breeding history, processing technology, production tools, and production and living customs of oyster farmers."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097243/11116830.jpg"
    title="Shajing Oyster Culture Museum"
    description="The Shajing Oyster Culture Museum is located at No. 299 Shajing Street, Shajing Subdistrict, Bao'an District. It was built in 2009. The exhibition hall covers an area of 600 square meters and has more than 500 collections. It is the first thematic museum in Shenzhen to display the development history and oyster culture of Shajing oysters. The museum has rich exhibits, mainly showing the development history, breeding history, processing technology, production tools, and production and living customs of oyster farmers."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.szartm.com/open/images/gkbg.png"
        title="Shenzhen Art Museum"
        description="Shenzhen Art Museum is the earliest art exhibition institution in Shenzhen. Its predecessor, Shenzhen Exhibition Hall, was built in 1976, covering an area of 5,500 square meters and a building area of 2,800 square meters. The early Shenzhen Exhibition Hall took advantage of the special zone's 'cultural window' and its proximity to Hong Kong and Macao to actively promote art exchanges at home and abroad. At the beginning of its establishment, it attracted a large number of well-known domestic artists such as Wu Guanzhong, Jiang Zhaohe, and Huang Zhou to hold exhibitions in Shenzhen, becoming a bridgehead for Chinese art to go global at that time. In 1987, Shenzhen"
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Hakka-Folk-Customs-Museum-in-Longgang-District,-Shenzhen/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.szartm.com/open/images/gkbg.png"
        title="Shenzhen Art Museum"
        description="Shenzhen Art Museum is the earliest art exhibition institution in Shenzhen. Its predecessor, Shenzhen Exhibition Hall, was built in 1976, covering an area of 5,500 square meters and a building area of 2,800 square meters. The early Shenzhen Exhibition Hall took advantage of the special zone's 'cultural window' and its proximity to Hong Kong and Macao to actively promote art exchanges at home and abroad. At the beginning of its establishment, it attracted a large number of well-known domestic artists such as Wu Guanzhong, Jiang Zhaohe, and Huang Zhou to hold exhibitions in Shenzhen, becoming a bridgehead for Chinese art to go global at that time. In 1987, Shenzhen"
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Hakka-Folk-Customs-Museum-in-Longgang-District,-Shenzhen/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11116830.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

