---
title: Shenzhen Zhongying Street History Museum
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Shenzhen-Zhongying-Street-History-Museum/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4099/4099144/11134170.png',
                title: 'Shenzhen Zhongying Street History Museum',
                description: 'The Zhongying Street History Museum is located in Shatoujiao Town, Yantian District. It was complete...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4099/4099144/11134170.png',
                title: 'Shenzhen Zhongying Street History Museum',
                description: 'The Zhongying Street History Museum is located in Shatoujiao Town, Yantian District. It was complete...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Yantian District
- Park Category: museum
- Detailed Address: No. 9, Neihuancheng Road, Shatoujiao Town, Yantian District
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-77776666

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Zhongying Street History Museum is located in Shatoujiao Town, Yantian District. It was completed and opened in May 1999. The total construction area is 1,688 square meters. It is responsible for the protection, collection and research of Zhongying Street historical relics. It is now a national third-level museum. The permanent exhibition "A Century of Zhongying Street" in the museum attracts about 400,000 visitors each year. The museum uses its unique geographical location to actively carry out patriotic education and revolutionary inheritance education. It is now a national education base for caring about the history of the party and the country for the next generation, and a patriotic education base for Guangdong Province and Shenzhen City.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 9: 00-17: 00, closed on Mondays
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Shenzhen Zhongying Street History Museum
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4099/4099144/11134170.png"
    title="Shenzhen Zhongying Street History Museum"
    description="The Zhongying Street History Museum is located in Shatoujiao Town, Yantian District. It was completed and opened in May 1999. The total construction area is 1,688 square meters. It is responsible for the protection, collection and research of Zhongying Street historical relics. It is now a national third-level museum. The permanent exhibition 'A Century of Zhongying Street' in the museum attracts about 400,000 visitors each year. The museum uses its unique geographical location to actively carry out patriotic education and revolutionary inheritance education. It is now a national education base for caring about the history of the party and the country for the next generation, and a patriotic education base for Guangdong Province and Shenzhen City."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4099/4099144/11134170.png"
    title="Shenzhen Zhongying Street History Museum"
    description="The Zhongying Street History Museum is located in Shatoujiao Town, Yantian District. It was completed and opened in May 1999. The total construction area is 1,688 square meters. It is responsible for the protection, collection and research of Zhongying Street historical relics. It is now a national third-level museum. The permanent exhibition 'A Century of Zhongying Street' in the museum attracts about 400,000 visitors each year. The museum uses its unique geographical location to actively carry out patriotic education and revolutionary inheritance education. It is now a national education base for caring about the history of the party and the country for the next generation, and a patriotic education base for Guangdong Province and Shenzhen City."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Bus No. B934

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097237/11116977.jpg"
        title="Shenzhen (Bao'an) Migrant Workers Museum"
        description="Shenzhen (Bao'an) Migrant Workers Museum is located in Shiyan Street, Bao'an District, Shenzhen. The museum covers an area of 5,231 square meters and a construction area of 5,892 square meters. It is a social science history museum, a collection and display base for migrant workers' historical materials and cultural relics, a research base for migrant workers' history and issues, and a visit and education base for migrant workers' deeds and culture. It is a historical witness of Shenzhen's 40 years of reform and opening up, and one of the ten scenic spots in Bao'an. Shenzhen (Bao'an) Migrant Workers Museum is a museum of social science history, a collection and display base for migrant workers' historical materials and cultural relics, a research base for migrant workers' history and issues, and a visit and education base for migrant workers' deeds and culture. It is a historical witness of Shenzhen's 40 years of reform and opening up, and one of the ten scenic spots in Bao'an."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Shenzhen-(Bao'an)-Migrant-Workers-Museum/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097237/11116977.jpg"
        title="Shenzhen (Bao'an) Migrant Workers Museum"
        description="Shenzhen (Bao'an) Migrant Workers Museum is located in Shiyan Street, Bao'an District, Shenzhen. The museum covers an area of 5,231 square meters and a construction area of 5,892 square meters. It is a social science history museum, a collection and display base for migrant workers' historical materials and cultural relics, a research base for migrant workers' history and issues, and a visit and education base for migrant workers' deeds and culture. It is a historical witness of Shenzhen's 40 years of reform and opening up, and one of the ten scenic spots in Bao'an. Shenzhen (Bao'an) Migrant Workers Museum is a museum of social science history, a collection and display base for migrant workers' historical materials and cultural relics, a research base for migrant workers' history and issues, and a visit and education base for migrant workers' deeds and culture. It is a historical witness of Shenzhen's 40 years of reform and opening up, and one of the ten scenic spots in Bao'an."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Shenzhen-(Bao'an)-Migrant-Workers-Museum/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11134170.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

