---
title: Shenzhen Wangye Museum
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Shenzhen-Wangye-Museum/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108441/11168444.jpg',
                title: 'Shenzhen Wangye Museum',
                description: 'Shenzhen Wangye Museum is located on the third floor of Longhua Cultural Center, No. 1377 Meilong Av...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108441/11168444.jpg',
                title: 'Shenzhen Wangye Museum',
                description: 'Shenzhen Wangye Museum is located on the third floor of Longhua Cultural Center, No. 1377 Meilong Av...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Longhua District
- Park Category: museum
- Detailed Address: 3rd Floor, Longhua Cultural Plaza, Longhua District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Shenzhen Wangye Museum is located on the third floor of Longhua Cultural Center, No. 1377 Meilong Avenue, Longhua District, Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province. It covers an area of 2,120 square meters and has an exhibition area of 300 square meters. It is an art museum specializing in ceramic art. In 1985, Shenzhen Wangye Museum began to collect collections. After 25 years of hard work, it has established a unique collection system. In 2005, preparations for registration began. On June 26, 2009, it was officially opened to the public. As of the end of 2019, Shenzhen Wangye Museum

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Closed on Monday, 9:00-21:00 Tuesday to Sunday
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Shenzhen Wangye Museum
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108441/11168444.jpg"
    title="Shenzhen Wangye Museum"
    description="Shenzhen Wangye Museum is located on the third floor of Longhua Cultural Center, No. 1377 Meilong Avenue, Longhua District, Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province. It covers an area of 2,120 square meters and has an exhibition area of 300 square meters. It is an art museum specializing in ceramic art. In 1985, Shenzhen Wangye Museum began to collect collections. After 25 years of hard work, it has established a unique collection system. In 2005, preparations for registration began. On June 26, 2009, it was officially opened to the public. As of the end of 2019, Shenzhen Wangye Museum"
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108441/11168444.jpg"
    title="Shenzhen Wangye Museum"
    description="Shenzhen Wangye Museum is located on the third floor of Longhua Cultural Center, No. 1377 Meilong Avenue, Longhua District, Shenzhen City, Guangdong Province. It covers an area of 2,120 square meters and has an exhibition area of 300 square meters. It is an art museum specializing in ceramic art. In 1985, Shenzhen Wangye Museum began to collect collections. After 25 years of hard work, it has established a unique collection system. In 2005, preparations for registration began. On June 26, 2009, it was officially opened to the public. As of the end of 2019, Shenzhen Wangye Museum"
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: M540, 324, M301, M551

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108127/11166908.png"
        title="Shenzhen Yizhihui Centennial Fashion Museum"
        description="Yizhihui Centennial Fashion Museum is a large-scale fashion museum with the theme of displaying China's clothing culture and the evolution of people's lifestyles over the past century."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Yizhihui-Centennial-Fashion-Museum,-Shenzhen/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108127/11166908.png"
        title="Shenzhen Yizhihui Centennial Fashion Museum"
        description="Yizhihui Centennial Fashion Museum is a large-scale fashion museum with the theme of displaying China's clothing culture and the evolution of people's lifestyles over the past century."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Yizhihui-Centennial-Fashion-Museum,-Shenzhen/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11168444.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

