---
title: Shenzhen Longhua District Meilian Redwood Art Museum
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Shenzhen-Longhua-District-Meilian-Redwood-Art-Museum/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108126/11166909.png',
                title: 'Shenzhen Longhua District Meilian Redwood Art Museum',
                description: 'There are as many as 3,800 exhibits in the museum. All exhibits in the museum are educational, resea...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108126/11166909.png',
                title: 'Shenzhen Longhua District Meilian Redwood Art Museum',
                description: 'There are as many as 3,800 exhibits in the museum. All exhibits in the museum are educational, resea...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Longhua District
- Park Category: museum
- Detailed Address: No. 348, Golf Avenue, Longhua District, Shenzhen, Guangdong
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
There are as many as 3,800 exhibits in the museum. All exhibits in the museum are educational, research-oriented, appreciative, novel and rare. Main collections: mahogany furniture. Others include: wood carvings, calligraphy, paintings, ancient costumes, etc. The materials used for mahogany furniture mainly include huanghuali, red sandalwood, red rosewood, ebony, wenge and other high-quality mahogany. The types of furniture collected cover almost all traditional furniture forms. At present, the museum is actively absorbing more Chinese and foreign cultural

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 9:00-18:00 (all year round)
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Shenzhen Longhua District Meilian Redwood Art Museum
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108126/11166909.png"
    title="Shenzhen Longhua District Meilian Redwood Art Museum"
    description="There are as many as 3,800 exhibits in the museum. All exhibits in the museum are educational, research-oriented, appreciative, novel and rare. Main collections: mahogany furniture. Others include: wood carvings, calligraphy, paintings, ancient costumes, etc. The materials used for mahogany furniture mainly include huanghuali, red sandalwood, red rosewood, ebony, wenge and other high-quality mahogany. The types of furniture collected cover almost all traditional furniture forms. At present, the museum is actively absorbing more Chinese and foreign cultural"
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108126/11166909.png"
    title="Shenzhen Longhua District Meilian Redwood Art Museum"
    description="There are as many as 3,800 exhibits in the museum. All exhibits in the museum are educational, research-oriented, appreciative, novel and rare. Main collections: mahogany furniture. Others include: wood carvings, calligraphy, paintings, ancient costumes, etc. The materials used for mahogany furniture mainly include huanghuali, red sandalwood, red rosewood, ebony, wenge and other high-quality mahogany. The types of furniture collected cover almost all traditional furniture forms. At present, the museum is actively absorbing more Chinese and foreign cultural"
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cn.bing.com/th?id=OHR.AlfanzinaLighthouse_ZH-CN9704515669_1920x1080.webp"
        title="Shenzhen Redwood Furniture Museum"
        description="To be updated"
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Shenzhen-Redwood-Furniture-Museum/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cn.bing.com/th?id=OHR.AlfanzinaLighthouse_ZH-CN9704515669_1920x1080.webp"
        title="Shenzhen Redwood Furniture Museum"
        description="To be updated"
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Museum/Shenzhen-Redwood-Furniture-Museum/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11166909.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

