---
title: Phoenix Mountain National Mining Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/MiningPark/Fenghuangshan-National-Mining-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005752/10774762.jpg',
                title: 'Phoenix Mountain National Mining Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005752/10774762.jpg',
                title: 'Phoenix Mountain National Mining Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Longgang District
- Park Category: Mine Park
- Park Tags: Humanities, History, Geology
- Detailed Address: Opposite to No. 186, Shuangyong Street, Pinghu Street, Longgang District, Shenzhen
- Park Introduction: Fenghuangshan National Mine Park is located in Pinghu, the northern part of Shenzhen City, with a total area of 881,300 square meters. It borders Dongguan City in the north and northeast, Henggang Town in the southeast, Buji Town in the southwest, and Guanlan Town in Bao'an District in the northwest. The area where the park is located is hilly, with high terrain in the northwest and low terrain in the southeast. Hills, terraces and terraces in the area account for 74.6% of the total area, and the height of hills is mostly between 60-130 meters. With Fenghuangshan Park and Furong Garden-style mine as the background, the park combines urban parks with mine relics, providing a rare place for people to visit, scientific investigation and leisure tourism. The former residence of Liu Zhubo, a Pinghu sage and patriot, is preserved in the park, and the Liu Zhubo Memorial Exhibition Hall is built, which is a fresh local teaching material for patriotic education. Cultural activities: Singing activities: From 9 to 11 every Sunday, Pinghu Street Fenghuangshan Park will hold a public chorus concert. The chorus actors are all from the Pinghu Fenghuangshan Music Friends Choir, with an average age of over 60 years old. The choir was founded in November 2017. It is a singing and dancing organization formed spontaneously by retired cadres, employees and middle-aged and elderly friends from all walks of life who are good at singing and dancing. In addition, there are cultural programs such as Tai Chi exercises, individual solo performances, square dance performances and"Qingshui Calligraphy", which make the park full of humanistic atmosphere and vitality.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-20:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Phoenix Mountain National Mining Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Phoenix Mountain National Mining Park"
    description="The gate sign of Fenghuang Mountain National Mine Park, Furong Stone Mine Area, Mining Culture Corridor, Liu Zhubo Manor and other special landscapes. The gate sign of Fenghuang Mountain National Mine Park. The gate sign of the mine park means 'mining shines', highlighting the characteristics of 'mines in the city, parks in the mining area'. The monument is 21 meters high, with a diamond inlaid on the top of the pyramid. The tower body is decorated with sandstone plates inlaid with diabase plates, which is also the main rock composition of Fenghuang Mountain. The diamond on the monument body is constructed with a unique glass process, symbolizing the brilliant mining culture that has been precipitated in the process of human mining development, shining brightly. Under the illumination of colorful lights, the pyramid symbolizes the vicissitudes of the mining development process, and the colorful diamond symbolizes the crystallization of the mining culture of hard work, courage to innovate, and courage to explore. Furong Stone Mine Area. The mining relics are the core landscape of the mine park, and its main viewing area is the Furong Stone Mine Area. The Furong Stone Mining Area is the only diabase stone base in Guangdong Province. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Phoenix Mountain National Mining Park"
    description="The gate sign of Fenghuang Mountain National Mine Park, Furong Stone Mine Area, Mining Culture Corridor, Liu Zhubo Manor and other special landscapes. The gate sign of Fenghuang Mountain National Mine Park. The gate sign of the mine park means 'mining shines', highlighting the characteristics of 'mines in the city, parks in the mining area'. The monument is 21 meters high, with a diamond inlaid on the top of the pyramid. The tower body is decorated with sandstone plates inlaid with diabase plates, which is also the main rock composition of Fenghuang Mountain. The diamond on the monument body is constructed with a unique glass process, symbolizing the brilliant mining culture that has been precipitated in the process of human mining development, shining brightly. Under the illumination of colorful lights, the pyramid symbolizes the vicissitudes of the mining development process, and the colorful diamond symbolizes the crystallization of the mining culture of hard work, courage to innovate, and courage to explore. Furong Stone Mine Area. The mining relics are the core landscape of the mine park, and its main viewing area is the Furong Stone Mine Area. The Furong Stone Mining Area is the only diabase stone base in Guangdong Province. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 410 meters from Shuangyong Street Subway Station - Exit B2, about 7 minutes" walk

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005753/10774763.jpg"
        title="Honghualing Park"
        description="Honghualing Park is located in the southeast of Qinglinjing Reservoir, Longcheng Street, Longgang District. It is the former battlefield of Dongjiang Column. It"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Honghualing Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005753/10774763.jpg"
        title="Honghualing Park"
        description="Honghualing Park is located in the southeast of Qinglinjing Reservoir, Longcheng Street, Longgang District. It is the former battlefield of Dongjiang Column. It"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Honghualing Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10774762.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

