---
title: Xicai Sports Park
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Xicai-Sports-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4099/4099933/11135809.png',
                title: 'Xicai Sports Park',
                description: 'The venue is located at No. 19, Xizhanqian Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen. The venue was completed...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4099/4099933/11135809.png',
                title: 'Xicai Sports Park',
                description: 'The venue is located at No. 19, Xizhanqian Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen. The venue was completed...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Nanshan District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: No. 19, Xizhanqian Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The venue is located at No. 19, Xizhanqian Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen. The venue was completed, accepted and put into use on October 23, 2022. It covers an area of over 3,000 square meters, with 18 badminton courts, 2 basketball training courts and training tracks. The venue is fully equipped with showers with all-day hot water supply and a large number of free parking spaces. The lighting and flooring of the court meet the Olympic competition standards. The lighting uses LED anti-glare shadowless court lights, and the flooring uses international competition-type flooring certified by the World Badminton Federation. The venue is covered with professional suspended floors and two layers of flooring to fully protect the athletes' knees and make the venue extremely comfortable. Xicai Venue provides booking, entertainment and leisure, event organization and planning, and badminton training for adults and teenagers. Sports enthusiasts are welcome to book courts to play and participate in group competitions.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Daily 8:00-22:00
- Forest Area Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Xicai Sports Park
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4099/4099933/11135809.png"
    title="Xicai Sports Park"
    description="The venue is located at No. 19, Xizhanqian Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen. The venue was completed, accepted and put into use on October 23, 2022. It covers an area of over 3,000 square meters, with 18 badminton courts, 2 basketball training courts and training tracks. The venue is fully equipped with showers with all-day hot water supply and a large number of free parking spaces. The lighting and flooring of the court meet the Olympic competition standards. The lighting uses LED anti-glare shadowless court lights, and the flooring uses international competition-type flooring certified by the World Badminton Federation. The venue is covered with professional suspended floors and two layers of flooring to fully protect the athletes' knees and make the venue extremely comfortable. Xicai Venue provides booking, entertainment and leisure, event organization and planning, and badminton training for adults and teenagers. Sports enthusiasts are welcome to book courts to play and participate in group competitions."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4099/4099933/11135809.png"
    title="Xicai Sports Park"
    description="The venue is located at No. 19, Xizhanqian Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen. The venue was completed, accepted and put into use on October 23, 2022. It covers an area of over 3,000 square meters, with 18 badminton courts, 2 basketball training courts and training tracks. The venue is fully equipped with showers with all-day hot water supply and a large number of free parking spaces. The lighting and flooring of the court meet the Olympic competition standards. The lighting uses LED anti-glare shadowless court lights, and the flooring uses international competition-type flooring certified by the World Badminton Federation. The venue is covered with professional suspended floors and two layers of flooring to fully protect the athletes' knees and make the venue extremely comfortable. Xicai Venue provides booking, entertainment and leisure, event organization and planning, and badminton training for adults and teenagers. Sports enthusiasts are welcome to book courts to play and participate in group competitions."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Subway: Daxin Station and Liyuemen Station on Line 1; Bus: Nantou West Railway Station

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098575/11131701.png"
        title="Nanhai Football Park"
        description="Nanhai Football Park is located near the North District of Science and Technology Park in Nanshan District, Shenzhen. During its operation, it has always adhered to the operation and service tenet of high standards, strict requirements, fine service, diligent management and safety, and is committed to building an international football exchange base for young people and a public welfare sports industry base based on national fitness, guiding citizens to live a new way of healthy life, actively practicing social responsibility, giving back to the society and serving the citizens. Nanhai Football Park started construction in October 2018 and was officially opened to the public in May 2019. The project covers an area of 27,000 square meters. The stadium area has 2 11-person football fields (which can be used as 4 8-person football fields) and 3 5-person football fields, and is equipped with corresponding men's and women's locker rooms and toilets, meeting the needs of national fitness and event activities. The service area has customer service center, equipment service center, tactical room, reception room, operation office and other areas to meet various operation service needs. At the same time, it has free fitness greenway and litchi forest leisure area. In the future, it will gradually improve the children's playground and team development training base and other cultural and sports supporting functions."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Nanhai-Football-Park/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098575/11131701.png"
        title="Nanhai Football Park"
        description="Nanhai Football Park is located near the North District of Science and Technology Park in Nanshan District, Shenzhen. During its operation, it has always adhered to the operation and service tenet of high standards, strict requirements, fine service, diligent management and safety, and is committed to building an international football exchange base for young people and a public welfare sports industry base based on national fitness, guiding citizens to live a new way of healthy life, actively practicing social responsibility, giving back to the society and serving the citizens. Nanhai Football Park started construction in October 2018 and was officially opened to the public in May 2019. The project covers an area of 27,000 square meters. The stadium area has 2 11-person football fields (which can be used as 4 8-person football fields) and 3 5-person football fields, and is equipped with corresponding men's and women's locker rooms and toilets, meeting the needs of national fitness and event activities. The service area has customer service center, equipment service center, tactical room, reception room, operation office and other areas to meet various operation service needs. At the same time, it has free fitness greenway and litchi forest leisure area. In the future, it will gradually improve the children's playground and team development training base and other cultural and sports supporting functions."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Nanhai-Football-Park/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11135809.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

