---
title: Kwai Chung Secondary School Sports Hall
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Kwai-Chung-Middle-School-Stadium/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108454/11169238.jpg',
                title: 'Kwai Chung Secondary School Sports Hall',
                description: 'Kwai Chung Middle School was founded in 1969. It has accumulated a profound educational and cultural...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108454/11169238.jpg',
                title: 'Kwai Chung Secondary School Sports Hall',
                description: 'Kwai Chung Middle School was founded in 1969. It has accumulated a profound educational and cultural...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Dapeng New District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: No. 8, Kuiping Road, Kuixin Community, Kuichong Street, Dapeng New District

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Kwai Chung Middle School was founded in 1969. It has accumulated a profound educational and cultural heritage and achieved fruitful results in running schools. It has won many honorary titles such as "Shenzhen School Efficiency Award", "Shenzhen Education Advanced Unit", "Good School for Citizens", and "National Youth Campus Football Specialty School". It enjoys the reputation of "the flower of eastern education" in the society. The school campus environment is beautiful and the hardware facilities are complete. The unique campus buildings and the green flowers and trees complement each other, and the intoxicating fragrance everywhere makes people feel relaxed and happy. The inspirational garden, the truth-seeking stone, the concept wall, the Xingzhi corridor, the Eight Elegant Corridor, the open reading room and the school history wall are scattered in every corner of the campus. Each attraction has a silent educational effect and enriches the spiritual world of students. The 400m standard sports field and the independent science and art building provide sufficient places for students to carry out sports and second-class activities. There are few junior high schools in Shenzhen that can meet such conditions. The school has a strong faculty. The current principal, Comrade Wang Jianjun, is a famous principal selected by Dapeng New District from the whole city. As a student of the first national backbone principal training class of the Central Party School, he has rich experience in education and teaching management and excellent school management ability. Under his leadership, all the faculty and staff of the school work together, strive for truth, strive for the first place, take the achievement of students as their responsibility, devote themselves to educating people, and make selfless contributions. In recent years, the teachers of the school have stood out in various competitions. In the 2016 Dapeng New District Junior High School Teachers' Skills Competition, they won 10 first places in 13 subject competitions; in the 2018 Dapeng New District Junior High School Teachers' Skills Competition, they won 5 first places in 8 subject competitions. 12 teachers of the school have won honors at the municipal level or above. For schools located in the remote eastern part of Shenzhen, every honor at the municipal level or above is condensed with hard sweat and unremitting persistence.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Weekdays: 6:00-7:00, 20:00-22:00
- Forest Area Opening Hours: iShenzhen Appointment

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Kwai Chung Secondary School Sports Hall
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108454/11169238.jpg"
    title="Kwai Chung Secondary School Sports Hall"
    description="Kwai Chung Middle School was founded in 1969. It has accumulated a profound educational and cultural heritage and achieved fruitful results in running schools. It has won many honorary titles such as 'Shenzhen School Efficiency Award', 'Shenzhen Education Advanced Unit', 'Good School for Citizens', and 'National Youth Campus Football Specialty School'. "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108454/11169238.jpg"
    title="Kwai Chung Secondary School Sports Hall"
    description="Kwai Chung Middle School was founded in 1969.It has accumulated a profound educational and cultural heritage and achieved fruitful results in running schools. It has won many honorary titles such as 'Shenzhen School Efficiency Award', 'Shenzhen Education Advanced Unit', 'Good School for Citizens', and 'National Youth Campus Football Specialty School'."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Bus stop: Kwai Chung Secondary School Buses passing by: 818, M362, M456

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108409/11169235.jpg"
        title="South Australia Secondary School Sports Stadium"
        description="1. Basic Information Shenzhen Dapeng New District Nan'ao Middle School was founded in September 1988. It is a full-time public junior high school directly managed by the Dapeng New District Education and Health Bureau. It was rated as a first-level school in Guangdong Province in 2006; became an experimental school of the China Tao Xingzhi Research Association in 2016; and was rated as the first batch of national youth basketball specialty schools in 2017. Nan'ao Middle School is located at No. 37, Jiaoyu Road, Nan'ao Street, Dapeng New District. The campus covers an area of 25,296 square meters and the building area is 15,135 square meters. The school has 31 functional rooms such as computers, physics, chemistry, biology, music, dance, art, and stepped classrooms. There are basketball courts, five-a-side football fields, badminton (table tennis) rooms, air-inflated arenas and other sports venues for teachers and students. The library has a collection of about 39,000 books and has 4 reading rooms for teachers and students (3 reading rooms for students of different grades). "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Nan'ao-Middle-School-Stadium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108409/11169235.jpg"
        title="South Australia Secondary School Sports Stadium"
        description="1. Basic Information Shenzhen Dapeng New District Nan'ao Middle School was founded in September 1988. It is a full-time public junior high school directly managed by the Dapeng New District Education and Health Bureau. It was rated as a first-level school in Guangdong Province in 2006; became an experimental school of the China Tao Xingzhi Research Association in 2016; and was rated as the first batch of national youth basketball specialty schools in 2017. Nan'ao Middle School is located at No. 37, Jiaoyu Road, Nan'ao Street, Dapeng New District. The campus covers an area of 25,296 square meters and the building area is 15,135 square meters. The school has 31 functional rooms such as computers, physics, chemistry, biology, music, dance, art, and stepped classrooms. There are basketball courts, five-a-side football fields, badminton (table tennis) rooms, air-inflated arenas and other sports venues for teachers and students. The library has a collection of about 39,000 books and has 4 reading rooms for teachers and students (3 reading rooms for students of different grades)."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Nan'ao-Middle-School-Stadium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11169238.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

