---
title: Kwai Chung No. 2 Primary School Sports Hall
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Kwai-Chung-Second-Primary-School-Stadium/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108440/11168746.jpg',
                title: 'Kwai Chung No. 2 Primary School Sports Hall',
                description: 'Kwai Chung No.2 Primary School, founded in 1943, was formerly known as Kwai Chung Primary School. It...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108440/11168746.jpg',
                title: 'Kwai Chung No. 2 Primary School Sports Hall',
                description: 'Kwai Chung No.2 Primary School, founded in 1943, was formerly known as Kwai Chung Primary School. It...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Dapeng New District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: No. 30, Kuixing West Road, Kuichong Street, Dapeng New District

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Kwai Chung No.2 Primary School, founded in 1943, was formerly known as Kwai Chung Primary School. It is a school with a long history and a long-standing culture. In 2003, it moved to its current location and was renamed "Kwai Chung No.2 Primary School, Dapeng New District, Shenzhen". It is a full-time six-year public primary school directly managed by the Education and Health Bureau of Dapeng New District and a first-level school in Guangdong Province. The school covers an area of 23,200 square meters. The educational and teaching equipment and facilities are equipped according to provincial standards. There are 40 teaching classes, more than 1,790 students, and 119 full-time teachers. There are 3 subject leaders and backbone teachers at or above the municipal level, 4 famous teacher studios at the municipal and district levels, and 10 famous teachers of various types at or above the district level.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Weekdays: 6:00-7:00, 18:30-20:30
- Forest Area Opening Hours: iShenzhen Appointment

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Kwai Chung No. 2 Primary School Sports Hall
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108440/11168746.jpg"
    title="Kwai Chung No. 2 Primary School Sports Hall"
    description="Kwai Chung No.2 Primary School, founded in 1943, was formerly known as Kwai Chung Primary School. It is a school with a long history and a long-standing culture. In 2003, it moved to its current location and was renamed 'Kwai Chung No.2 Primary School, Dapeng New District, Shenzhen'. It is a full-time six-year public primary school directly managed by the Education and Health Bureau of Dapeng New District and a first-level school in Guangdong Province. The school covers an area of 23,200 square meters. The educational and teaching equipment and facilities are equipped according to provincial standards. There are 40 teaching classes, more than 1,790 students, and 119 full-time teachers. There are 3 subject leaders and backbone teachers at or above the municipal level, 4 famous teacher studios at the municipal and district levels, and 10 famous teachers of various types at or above the district level."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108440/11168746.jpg"
    title="Kwai Chung No. 2 Primary School Sports Hall"
    description="Kwai Chung No.2 Primary School, founded in 1943, was formerly known as Kwai Chung Primary School. It is a school with a long history and a long-standing culture. In 2003, it moved to its current location and was renamed 'Kwai Chung No.2 Primary School, Dapeng New District, Shenzhen'. It is a full-time six-year public primary school directly managed by the Education and Health Bureau of Dapeng New District and a first-level school in Guangdong Province. The school covers an area of 23,200 square meters. The educational and teaching equipment and facilities are equipped according to provincial standards. There are 40 teaching classes, more than 1,790 students, and 119 full-time teachers. There are 3 subject leaders and backbone teachers at or above the municipal level, 4 famous teacher studios at the municipal and district levels, and 10 famous teachers of various types at or above the district level."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Bus stop: Kwai Chung No.2 Primary School Bus: Route B969

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108446/11168745.jpg"
        title="Xichong Primary School Sports Center"
        description="The environment is quiet and it is a small-scale school with unique characteristics. Although the school is small and relatively remote, it has the cordial care of leaders at all levels, the selfless dedication of successive principals and all faculty and staff. At present, Xiyong Primary School has developed well overall and can fully meet the needs of children in the community for high-quality places. It is a good school close to the citizens. The school was founded in 1950. After several relocations, it moved to Xiyong Community in 1983. It is a small-scale school with a long history. The school covers an area of 6,230 square meters, a building area of 4,215 square meters, and a sports field area of 2,920 square meters. There are currently 6 teaching classes, 195 students, and 26 faculty and staff, including 1 principal and 21 full-time teachers, all of whom have college degrees or above, 1 master's degree, 16 bachelor's degrees, and 12 senior primary school teachers. "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Xichong-Primary-School-Stadium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108446/11168745.jpg"
        title="Xichong Primary School Sports Center"
        description="The environment is quiet and it is a small-scale school with unique characteristics. Although the school is small and relatively remote, it has the cordial care of leaders at all levels, the selfless dedication of successive principals and all faculty and staff. At present, Xiyong Primary School has developed well overall and can fully meet the needs of children in the community for high-quality places. It is a good school close to the citizens. The school was founded in 1950. After several relocations, it moved to Xiyong Community in 1983. It is a small-scale school with a long history. The school covers an area of 6,230 square meters, a building area of 4,215 square meters, and a sports field area of 2,920 square meters. There are currently 6 teaching classes, 195 students, and 26 faculty and staff, including 1 principal and 21 full-time teachers, all of whom have college degrees or above, 1 master's degree, 16 bachelor's degrees, and 12 senior primary school teachers. "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Xichong-Primary-School-Stadium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11168746.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

