---
title: Xichong Primary School Sports Center
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Xichong-Primary-School-Stadium/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108446/11168745.jpg',
                title: 'Xichong Primary School Sports Center',
                description: 'The environment is quiet and it is a small-scale school with unique characteristics. Although the sc...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108446/11168745.jpg',
                title: 'Xichong Primary School Sports Center',
                description: 'The environment is quiet and it is a small-scale school with unique characteristics. Although the sc...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Dapeng New District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: No. 1032, Shenkui Road, Xiyong Community, Kuichong Street, Dapeng New District

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The environment is quiet and it is a small-scale school with unique characteristics. Although the school is small and relatively remote, it has the cordial care of leaders at all levels, the selfless dedication of successive principals and all faculty and staff. At present, Xiyong Primary School has developed well overall and can fully meet the needs of children in the community for high-quality places. It is a good school close to the citizens. The school was founded in 1950. After several relocations, it moved to Xiyong Community in 1983. It is a small-scale school with a long history. The school covers an area of 6,230 square meters, a building area of 4,215 square meters, and a sports field area of 2,920 square meters. There are currently 6 teaching classes, 195 students, and 26 faculty and staff, including 1 principal and 21 full-time teachers, all of whom have college degrees or above, 1 master's degree, 16 bachelor's degrees, and 12 senior primary school teachers. In the new era and new journey, the school adheres to the school-running philosophy of "authentic education flies with me", implements the strategy of developing schools through scientific research, explores new paths for the characteristic development of small-scale schools under the background of the "double reduction" policy, and is committed to running a modern, boutique, small-scale school with "beautiful environment, excellent quality and distinctive characteristics". We strive to ensure that every child enjoys fair and quality education. In recent years, the school's management level has been continuously improved: it has successively won the titles of National Rope Skipping Strong Heart Program Pilot School, Guangdong Province Green School, Shenzhen Drug Prevention Demonstration School, Shenzhen Smoke-Free School, Dapeng New District Safe Campus, Dapeng New District Moral Education Featured School, and Rule of Law Demonstration School and other district-level and above honors. From September 2019 to December 2021, 126 teachers of our school won awards at the district level or above, including 19 at the municipal level or above, 275 students won awards at the district level or above, including 29 at the municipal level or above, and the school won 16 collective awards at the district level or above. This is exciting for Xichong Primary School, which has only 22 teachers and 195 students, and fully reflects the spirit of our teachers and students to strive for excellence and thrive.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Weekdays: 6:00-7:00, 19:30-21:30
- Forest Area Opening Hours: iShenzhen Appointment

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Xichong Primary School Sports Center
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108446/11168745.jpg"
    title="Xichong Primary School Sports Center"
    description="The environment is quiet and it is a small-scale school with unique characteristics. Although the school is small and relatively remote, it has the cordial care of leaders at all levels, the selfless dedication of successive principals and all faculty and staff. At present, Xiyong Primary School has developed well overall and can fully meet the needs of children in the community for high-quality places. It is a good school close to the citizens. The school was founded in 1950. After several relocations, it moved to Xiyong Community in 1983. It is a small-scale school with a long history. The school covers an area of 6,230 square meters, a building area of 4,215 square meters, and a sports field area of 2,920 square meters. There are currently 6 teaching classes, 195 students, and 26 faculty and staff, including 1 principal and 21 full-time teachers, all of whom have college degrees or above, 1 master's degree, 16 bachelor's degrees, and 12 senior primary school teachers."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108446/11168745.jpg"
    title="Xichong Primary School Sports Center"
    description="The environment is quiet and it is a small-scale school with unique characteristics. Although the school is small and relatively remote, it has the cordial care of leaders at all levels, the selfless dedication of successive principals and all faculty and staff. At present, Xiyong Primary School has developed well overall and can fully meet the needs of children in the community for high-quality places. It is a good school close to the citizens. The school was founded in 1950. After several relocations, it moved to Xiyong Community in 1983. It is a small-scale school with a long history. The school covers an area of 6,230 square meters, a building area of 4,215 square meters, and a sports field area of 2,920 square meters. There are currently 6 teaching classes, 195 students, and 26 faculty and staff, including 1 principal and 21 full-time teachers, all of whom have college degrees or above, 1 master's degree, 16 bachelor's degrees, and 12 senior primary school teachers. "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Bus stop: Xiyong Primary School Buses passing by: M196, M362, M456

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108412/11168743.jpg"
        title="Kwai Chung Central Primary School Sports Stadium"
        description="Shenzhen Dapeng New District Kuichong Central Primary School is located in the Dapeng Peninsula in the east of Shenzhen. The campus is shaded by trees and has a beautiful environment. It is a school, home and paradise loved by teachers and students. The school has a history of more than 70 years and currently has 36 classes and 1,644 students. The school has always adhered to the school-running philosophy of 'laying the foundation for children's life development', with 'high-quality, exemplary, modern characteristic school' as the school-running goal, insisting on moral education, and focusing on creating an atmosphere of 'self-management, independent learning, and free growth' for teachers and students, advocating 'teachers and students develop together with the school', improving the comprehensive quality of teachers and students, and cultivating builders and successors of the cause of building socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era with all-round development in morality, intelligence, physical fitness and aesthetics. "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Kwai-Chung-Central-Primary-School-Stadium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108412/11168743.jpg"
        title="Kwai Chung Central Primary School Sports Stadium"
        description="Shenzhen Dapeng New District Kuichong Central Primary School is located in the Dapeng Peninsula in the east of Shenzhen. The campus is shaded by trees and has a beautiful environment. It is a school, home and paradise loved by teachers and students. The school has a history of more than 70 years and currently has 36 classes and 1,644 students. The school has always adhered to the school-running philosophy of 'laying the foundation for children's life development', with 'high-quality, exemplary, modern characteristic school' as the school-running goal, insisting on moral education, and focusing on creating an atmosphere of 'self-management, independent learning, and free growth' for teachers and students, advocating 'teachers and students develop together with the school', improving the comprehensive quality of teachers and students, and cultivating builders and successors of the cause of building socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era with all-round development in morality, intelligence, physical fitness and aesthetics. "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Kwai-Chung-Central-Primary-School-Stadium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11168745.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

