---
title: Renmin University High School Shenzhen School High School Stadium
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Renmin-University-High-School-Shenzhen-School-High-School-Stadium/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108482/11169233.jpg',
                title: 'Renmin University High School Shenzhen School High School Stadium',
                description: 'Renmin University High School Shenzhen School is a full-time public school under the Shenzhen Dapeng...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108482/11169233.jpg',
                title: 'Renmin University High School Shenzhen School High School Stadium',
                description: 'Renmin University High School Shenzhen School is a full-time public school under the Shenzhen Dapeng...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Dapeng New District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: No. 80, Xiping South Road, Xiyong Community, Dapeng New District

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Renmin University High School Shenzhen School is a full-time public school under the Shenzhen Dapeng New District Management Committee and hosted by Renmin University High School. It is a member school of the Renmin University High School United School. The school began to be planned in 2016, officially opened in the fall of 2017, and the high school department was officially put into use in the fall of 2018 to carry out teaching tasks. The school is divided into two campuses: the nine-year department and the high school department. The nine-year department is located on Fengshushan Road, Kuichong Street, Dapeng New District, and recruits students nearby; the high school department is located in Xichong Community, Dapeng New District, recruiting students from the whole city and all students live in the dormitory. The two campuses cover a total area of about 140,000 square meters, and the total building area is more than 120,000 square meters. The school currently has 38 classes in the nine-year department, from primary one to junior three, and 58 classes in the high school department, with three grades of high school. The school has more than 1,400 primary and secondary school students and more than 2,900 high school students. The school has a total of 374 faculty and staff, of which senior teachers account for more than 28% of the total number of teachers; 23 doctors and postdoctoral fellows; teachers with a master's degree or above account for nearly 60% of the total number of teachers. In the five years since the establishment of the school, 144 people have won awards at the municipal level or above, 253 people have won awards at the district level or above, and 8 teachers have become hosts of famous teacher studios; 1 national project, 4 provincial projects, 23 municipal projects, and 40 district projects have been won. According to incomplete statistics, in the past five years, a total of 357 people have won provincial and above awards, 138 people have won municipal awards, and 246 people have won district awards. The high school of Renmin University High School Shenzhen School has a building area of more than 95,580 square meters. The first campus has a comprehensive gymnasium with an area of 2,335 square meters, which is a comprehensive gymnasium. There are basketball courts, badminton and other swimming pools adjacent to the gymnasium, with six 50-meter lanes and a building area of 2,300 square meters. There are 7 long tables in the table tennis hall, with an area of about 381 square meters. There is a fitness equipment hall on the second floor of the gymnasium, which is a comprehensive fitness venue with an area of about 509 square meters. The high school has a 400-meter track and field and a football field with an area of about 10,465 square meters, and there are 4 basketball half-court training grounds. There is an open-air basketball court on the roof of the gymnasium, 6 full-court basketball courts, with an area of 4,300 square meters. The high school is a boarding school, which implements a closed management model on a daily basis. The venue is temporarily provided to students for teaching and after-school entertainment and fitness. At present, the school's sports venues are fully equipped to meet the exercise needs of students and faculty and staff.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Open only during winter and summer vacations: 8:00-12:00, 14:00-18:00
- Forest Area Opening Hours: iShenzhen Appointment

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Renmin University High School Shenzhen School High School Stadium
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108482/11169233.jpg"
    title="Renmin University High School Shenzhen School High School Stadium"
    description="Renmin University High School Shenzhen School is a full-time public school under the Shenzhen Dapeng New District Management Committee and hosted by Renmin University High School. It is a member school of the Renmin University High School United School. The school began to be planned in 2016, officially opened in the fall of 2017, and the high school department was officially put into use in the fall of 2018 to carry out teaching tasks. The school is divided into two campuses: the nine-year department and the high school department. The nine-year department is located on Fengshushan Road, Kuichong Street, Dapeng New District, and recruits students nearby; the high school department is located in Xichong Community, Dapeng New District, recruiting students from the whole city and all students live in the dormitory. The two campuses cover a total area of about 140,000 square meters, and the total building area is more than 120,000 square meters. The school currently has 38 classes in the nine-year department, from primary one to junior three, and 58 classes in the high school department, with three grades of high school. The school has more than 1,400 primary and secondary school students and more than 2,900 high school students. The school has a total of 374 faculty and staff, of which senior teachers account for more than 28% of the total number of teachers; 23 doctors and postdoctoral fellows; teachers with a master's degree or above account for nearly 60% of the total number of teachers. In the five years since the establishment of the school, 144 people have won awards at the municipal level or above, 253 people have won awards at the district level or above, and 8 teachers have become hosts of famous teacher studios; 1 national project, 4 provincial projects, 23 municipal projects, and 40 district projects have been won. According to incomplete statistics, in the past five years, a total of 357 people have won provincial and above awards, 138 people have won municipal awards, and 246 people have won district awards. The high school of Renmin University High School Shenzhen School has a building area of more than 95,580 square meters. The first campus has a comprehensive gymnasium with an area of 2,335 square meters, which is a comprehensive gymnasium."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108482/11169233.jpg"
    title="Renmin University High School Shenzhen School High School Stadium"
    description="Renmin University High School Shenzhen School is a full-time public school under the Shenzhen Dapeng New District Management Committee and hosted by Renmin University High School. It is a member school of the Renmin University High School United School. The school began to be planned in 2016, officially opened in the fall of 2017, and the high school department was officially put into use in the fall of 2018 to carry out teaching tasks. The school is divided into two campuses: the nine-year department and the high school department. The nine-year department is located on Fengshushan Road, Kuichong Street, Dapeng New District, and recruits students nearby; the high school department is located in Xichong Community, Dapeng New District, recruiting students from the whole city and all students live in the dormitory. The two campuses cover a total area of about 140,000 square meters, and the total building area is more than 120,000 square meters. The school currently has 38 classes in the nine-year department, from primary one to junior three, and 58 classes in the high school department, with three grades of high school. The school has more than 1,400 primary and secondary school students and more than 2,900 high school students. The school has a total of 374 faculty and staff, of which senior teachers account for more than 28% of the total number of teachers; 23 doctors and postdoctoral fellows; teachers with a master's degree or above account for nearly 60% of the total number of teachers. In the five years since the establishment of the school, 144 people have won awards at the municipal level or above, 253 people have won awards at the district level or above, and 8 teachers have become hosts of famous teacher studios; 1 national project, 4 provincial projects, 23 municipal projects, and 40 district projects have been won. According to incomplete statistics, in the past five years, a total of 357 people have won provincial and above awards, 138 people have won municipal awards, and 246 people have won district awards. The high school of Renmin University High School Shenzhen School has a building area of more than 95,580 square meters. The first campus has a comprehensive gymnasium with an area of 2,335 square meters, which is a comprehensive gymnasium."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Bus stop: Dongbei Village Buses passing through: M456, Peak Express Route 152

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108440/11168746.jpg"
        title="Kwai Chung No. 2 Primary School Sports Hall"
        description="Kwai Chung No.2 Primary School, founded in 1943, was formerly known as Kwai Chung Primary School. It is a school with a long history and a long-standing culture. In 2003, it moved to its current location and was renamed 'Kwai Chung No.2 Primary School, Dapeng New District, Shenzhen'. It is a full-time six-year public primary school directly managed by the Education and Health Bureau of Dapeng New District and a first-level school in Guangdong Province. The school covers an area of 23,200 square meters. The educational and teaching equipment and facilities are equipped according to provincial standards. There are 40 teaching classes, more than 1,790 students, and 119 full-time teachers. There are 3 subject leaders and backbone teachers at or above the municipal level, 4 famous teacher studios at the municipal and district levels, and 10 famous teachers of various types at or above the district level."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Kwai-Chung-Second-Primary-School-Stadium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108440/11168746.jpg"
        title="Kwai Chung No. 2 Primary School Sports Hall"
        description="Kwai Chung No.2 Primary School, founded in 1943, was formerly known as Kwai Chung Primary School. It is a school with a long history and a long-standing culture. In 2003, it moved to its current location and was renamed 'Kwai Chung No.2 Primary School, Dapeng New District, Shenzhen'. It is a full-time six-year public primary school directly managed by the Education and Health Bureau of Dapeng New District and a first-level school in Guangdong Province. The school covers an area of 23,200 square meters. The educational and teaching equipment and facilities are equipped according to provincial standards. There are 40 teaching classes, more than 1,790 students, and 119 full-time teachers. There are 3 subject leaders and backbone teachers at or above the municipal level, 4 famous teacher studios at the municipal and district levels, and 10 famous teachers of various types at or above the district level."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Kwai-Chung-Second-Primary-School-Stadium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11169233.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

