---
title: Kwai Chung Central Primary School Sports Stadium
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Kwai-Chung-Central-Primary-School-Stadium/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108412/11168743.jpg',
                title: 'Kwai Chung Central Primary School Sports Stadium',
                description: 'Shenzhen Dapeng New District Kuichong Central Primary School is located in the Dapeng Peninsula in t...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108412/11168743.jpg',
                title: 'Kwai Chung Central Primary School Sports Stadium',
                description: 'Shenzhen Dapeng New District Kuichong Central Primary School is located in the Dapeng Peninsula in t...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Dapeng New District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: No. 29, Sanxi West Road, Sanxi Community, Kuichong Street, Dapeng New District

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Shenzhen Dapeng New District Kuichong Central Primary School is located in the Dapeng Peninsula in the east of Shenzhen. The campus is shaded by trees and has a beautiful environment. It is a school, home and paradise loved by teachers and students. The school has a history of more than 70 years and currently has 36 classes and 1,644 students. The school has always adhered to the school-running philosophy of "laying the foundation for children's life development", with "high-quality, exemplary, modern characteristic school" as the school-running goal, insisting on moral education, and focusing on creating an atmosphere of "self-management, independent learning, and free growth" for teachers and students, advocating "teachers and students develop together with the school", improving the comprehensive quality of teachers and students, and cultivating builders and successors of the cause of building socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era with all-round development in morality, intelligence, physical fitness and aesthetics. The school has won honors such as the National Advanced Red Army Primary School, Guangdong Province Women's Demonstration Post, Shenzhen Modern School System Construction Advanced Unit, Shenzhen "100 Schools Support 100 Schools" Advanced Unit, Shenzhen Green School, Shenzhen School Efficiency Award, and Shenzhen Education Advanced Unit.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Weekdays: 6:00-7:00, 18:30-20:30
- Forest Area Opening Hours: iShenzhen Appointment

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Kwai Chung Central Primary School Sports Stadium
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108412/11168743.jpg"
    title="Kwai Chung Central Primary School Sports Stadium"
    description="Shenzhen Dapeng New District Kuichong Central Primary School is located in the Dapeng Peninsula in the east of Shenzhen. The campus is shaded by trees and has a beautiful environment. It is a school, home and paradise loved by teachers and students. The school has a history of more than 70 years and currently has 36 classes and 1,644 students. The school has always adhered to the school-running philosophy of 'laying the foundation for children's life development', with 'high-quality, exemplary, modern characteristic school' as the school-running goal, insisting on moral education, and focusing on creating an atmosphere of 'self-management, independent learning, and free growth' for teachers and students, advocating 'teachers and students develop together with the school', improving the comprehensive quality of teachers and students, and cultivating builders and successors of the cause of building socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era with all-round development in morality, intelligence, physical fitness and aesthetics. "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108412/11168743.jpg"
    title="Kwai Chung Central Primary School Sports Stadium"
    description="Shenzhen Dapeng New District Kuichong Central Primary School is located in the Dapeng Peninsula in the east of Shenzhen. The campus is shaded by trees and has a beautiful environment. It is a school, home and paradise loved by teachers and students. The school has a history of more than 70 years and currently has 36 classes and 1,644 students. The school has always adhered to the school-running philosophy of 'laying the foundation for children's life development', with 'high-quality, exemplary, modern characteristic school' as the school-running goal, insisting on moral education, and focusing on creating an atmosphere of 'self-management, independent learning, and free growth' for teachers and students, advocating 'teachers and students develop together with the school', improving the comprehensive quality of teachers and students, and cultivating builders and successors of the cause of building socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era with all-round development in morality, intelligence, physical fitness and aesthetics.  "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Bus stop: Kwai Chung Office Buses passing through: M220, M357, M362, M438, M457, Peak Express Route 99

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108419/11168742.jpg"
        title="Dapeng Second Primary School Stadium"
        description="Dapeng No.2 Primary School is located in Dapeng Fortress, the birthplace of Shenzhen's elegant name 'Pengcheng'. The school was formerly known as Pengfei School, Pengyi Central Primary School, Pengcheng School, and Pengcheng Primary School. It has been relocated and rebuilt several times. In September 2001, with donations from Mr. Su Huangnan, Ms. Huang Zhenxiu, Mr. Wu Rongji, and Mr. Huang Qitai, and with strong support from governments at all levels and the Pengcheng Community Committee, a new school was built at its current location. The school covers an area of 24,626 square meters, with a school building area of 8,989 square meters. There is a 300-meter sports field, 2 basketball courts, 1 volleyball court, and 11,500 square meters of sports venues. The new comprehensive hall has a construction area of 9,412 square meters, with new art and beauty classrooms, an indoor swimming pool, a basketball hall, and an archery hall. The school has 24 classrooms, 9 teacher offices, and 1 psychological counseling room; all classes are The classrooms and function rooms are equipped with computer teaching platforms, each teacher is equipped with a computer, and the campus network is complete; the toilets and canteens meet the safety and hygiene standards; there are 24 dormitories for single teachers and staff. Sports equipment and teaching instruments are equipped according to standards; the library has 73,089 books. "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Dapeng-Second-Primary-School-Stadium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108419/11168742.jpg"
        title="Dapeng Second Primary School Stadium"
        description="Dapeng No.2 Primary School is located in Dapeng Fortress, the birthplace of Shenzhen's elegant name 'Pengcheng'. The school was formerly known as Pengfei School, Pengyi Central Primary School, Pengcheng School, and Pengcheng Primary School. It has been relocated and rebuilt several times. In September 2001, with donations from Mr. Su Huangnan, Ms. Huang Zhenxiu, Mr. Wu Rongji, and Mr. Huang Qitai, and with strong support from governments at all levels and the Pengcheng Community Committee, a new school was built at its current location. The school covers an area of 24,626 square meters, with a school building area of 8,989 square meters. There is a 300-meter sports field, 2 basketball courts, 1 volleyball court, and 11,500 square meters of sports venues. The new comprehensive hall has a construction area of 9,412 square meters, with new art and beauty classrooms, an indoor swimming pool, a basketball hall, and an archery hall. The school has 24 classrooms, 9 teacher offices, and 1 psychological counseling room; all classes are The classrooms and function rooms are equipped with computer teaching platforms, each teacher is equipped with a computer, and the campus network is complete; the toilets and canteens meet the safety and hygiene standards; there are 24 dormitories for single teachers and staff. Sports equipment and teaching instruments are equipped according to standards; the library has 73,089 books."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Dapeng-Second-Primary-School-Stadium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11168743.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

