---
title: Nan'ao Central Primary School Sports Stadium
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Nan'ao-Central-Primary-School-Stadium/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108410/11169234.jpg',
                title: "Nan'ao Central Primary School Sports Stadium",
                description: "Nan'ao Central Primary School was founded in the 21st year of the Republic of China (1932). During t...",
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108410/11169234.jpg',
                title: "Nan'ao Central Primary School Sports Stadium",
                description: "Nan'ao Central Primary School was founded in the 21st year of the Republic of China (1932). During t...",
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Dapeng New District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: No. 37 Renmin Road, Nan'ao Street, Dapeng New District

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Nan'ao Central Primary School was founded in the 21st year of the Republic of China (1932). During this period, it has been moved around several times and changed its location several times. From the initial private school to the complete primary school, it has been through wind and rain and struggled all the way. In August 1995, the new school building was built and put into use. In August 1995, the former village Yangmeikeng Primary School (teaching point), in August 2000, the former village Dongshan Primary School and Nanping Primary School, and in August 2013, the former village Xichong Primary School were merged into Nanxiao, becoming the only public primary school in Nan'ao. The buildings of Nanxiao are like Kunpeng spreading its wings, trying to fly high. The campus is lush and green, and the environment is quiet. The teachers are rigorous in their studies and teach well, and students have come out of this and become leaders on all fronts. Since the 1980s, under the leadership of successive principals He You, Chen Suming, and He Jianhao, the campus has become more and more perfect over the years, with green shades and the fragrance of books. In recent years, the school has been adhering to the concept of 'immersing in marine culture, learning to be a person before learning skills', establishing a foundation for innovation, keeping pace with the times, condensing marine culture, exploring 'inclusive courses', and striving to create high-quality clubs. With distinctive school-running, the school vision is achieved, and teachers and students are led to 'willing to accommodate and integrate'. The people of Nanxiao will carry on the past and forge ahead into the future, set high goals, ride the wind and waves, persevere, and create new glory together. School philosophy: immerse in marine culture, learn to be a person first and then learn skills. Cultivate students' marine spirit of 'broadness, tolerance, self-confidence, enterprising, creativity, and dedication', and be a person with a sense of the sea and a person with a sense of social responsibility. The school adheres to the school motto of "Habits determine destiny, responsibility creates the future", adheres to the school-running goal of "taking the road of Nan'ao characteristics, becoming a Dapeng brand star, and entering the ranks of famous schools in Shenzhen", and realizes the educational goal of "being both moral and talented, with morality first". With scientific research as the guide and quality as life, the school comprehensively implements quality education and cultivates students into "tolerant, grateful, self-reliant, and enterprising" Shenzhen citizens with specialties in arts and sports.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Weekdays: 6:00-7:00, 18:30-20:30
- Forest Area Opening Hours: iShenzhen Appointment

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Nan'ao Central Primary School Sports Stadium
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108410/11169234.jpg"
    title="Nan'ao Central Primary School Sports Stadium"
    description="Nan'ao Central Primary School was founded in the 21st year of the Republic of China (1932). During this period, it has been moved around several times and changed its location several times. From the initial private school to the complete primary school, it has been through wind and rain and struggled all the way. In August 1995, the new school building was built and put into use. In August 1995, the former village Yangmeikeng Primary School (teaching point), in August 2000, the former village Dongshan Primary School and Nanping Primary School, and in August 2013, the former village Xichong Primary School were merged into Nanxiao, becoming the only public primary school in Nan'ao. The buildings of Nanxiao are like Kunpeng spreading its wings, trying to fly high. The campus is lush and green, and the environment is quiet. The teachers are rigorous in their studies and teach well, and students have come out of this and become leaders on all fronts. Since the 1980s, under the leadership of successive principals He You, Chen Suming, and He Jianhao, the campus has become more and more perfect over the years, with green shades and the fragrance of books. In recent years, the school has been adhering to the concept of 'immersing in marine culture, learning to be a person before learning skills', establishing a foundation for innovation, keeping pace with the times, condensing marine culture, exploring 'inclusive courses', and striving to create high-quality clubs. With distinctive school-running, the school vision is achieved, and teachers and students are led to 'willing to accommodate and integrate'. "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108410/11169234.jpg"
    title="Nan'ao Central Primary School Sports Stadium"
    description="Nan'ao Central Primary School was founded in the 21st year of the Republic of China (1932). During this period, it has been moved around several times and changed its location several times. From the initial private school to the complete primary school, it has been through wind and rain and struggled all the way. In August 1995, the new school building was built and put into use. In August 1995, the former village Yangmeikeng Primary School (teaching point), in August 2000, the former village Dongshan Primary School and Nanping Primary School, and in August 2013, the former village Xichong Primary School were merged into Nanxiao, becoming the only public primary school in Nan'ao. The buildings of Nanxiao are like Kunpeng spreading its wings, trying to fly high. The campus is lush and green, and the environment is quiet. The teachers are rigorous in their studies and teach well, and students have come out of this and become leaders on all fronts. Since the 1980s, under the leadership of successive principals He You, Chen Suming, and He Jianhao, the campus has become more and more perfect over the years, with green shades and the fragrance of books. In recent years, the school has been adhering to the concept of 'immersing in marine culture, learning to be a person before learning skills', establishing a foundation for innovation, keeping pace with the times, condensing marine culture, exploring 'inclusive courses', and striving to create high-quality clubs. With distinctive school-running, the school vision is achieved, and teachers and students are led to 'willing to accommodate and integrate'."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Bus stop: Nan'ao Hospital Buses passing by: M231, M232, M274

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108482/11169233.jpg"
        title="Renmin University High School Shenzhen School High School Stadium"
        description="Renmin University High School Shenzhen School is a full-time public school under the Shenzhen Dapeng New District Management Committee and hosted by Renmin University High School. It is a member school of the Renmin University High School United School. The school began to be planned in 2016, officially opened in the fall of 2017, and the high school department was officially put into use in the fall of 2018 to carry out teaching tasks. The school is divided into two campuses: the nine-year department and the high school department. The nine-year department is located on Fengshushan Road, Kuichong Street, Dapeng New District, and recruits students nearby; the high school department is located in Xichong Community, Dapeng New District, recruiting students from the whole city and all students live in the dormitory. The two campuses cover a total area of about 140,000 square meters, and the total building area is more than 120,000 square meters. The school currently has 38 classes in the nine-year department, from primary one to junior three, and 58 classes in the high school department, with three grades of high school. The school has more than 1,400 primary and secondary school students and more than 2,900 high school students. The school has a total of 374 faculty and staff, of which senior teachers account for more than 28% of the total number of teachers; 23 doctors and postdoctoral fellows; teachers with a master's degree or above account for nearly 60% of the total number of teachers. In the five years since the establishment of the school, 144 people have won awards at the municipal level or above, 253 people have won awards at the district level or above, and 8 teachers have become hosts of famous teacher studios; 1 national project, 4 provincial projects, 23 municipal projects, and 40 district projects have been won. According to incomplete statistics, in the past five years, a total of 357 people have won provincial and above awards, 138 people have won municipal awards, and 246 people have won district awards. "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Renmin-University-High-School-Shenzhen-School-High-School-Stadium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108482/11169233.jpg"
        title="Renmin University High School Shenzhen School High School Stadium"
        description="Renmin University High School Shenzhen School is a full-time public school under the Shenzhen Dapeng New District Management Committee and hosted by Renmin University High School. It is a member school of the Renmin University High School United School. The school began to be planned in 2016, officially opened in the fall of 2017, and the high school department was officially put into use in the fall of 2018 to carry out teaching tasks. The school is divided into two campuses: the nine-year department and the high school department. The nine-year department is located on Fengshushan Road, Kuichong Street, Dapeng New District, and recruits students nearby; the high school department is located in Xichong Community, Dapeng New District, recruiting students from the whole city and all students live in the dormitory. The two campuses cover a total area of about 140,000 square meters, and the total building area is more than 120,000 square meters. The school currently has 38 classes in the nine-year department, from primary one to junior three, and 58 classes in the high school department, with three grades of high school. The school has more than 1,400 primary and secondary school students and more than 2,900 high school students. The school has a total of 374 faculty and staff, of which senior teachers account for more than 28% of the total number of teachers; 23 doctors and postdoctoral fellows; teachers with a master's degree or above account for nearly 60% of the total number of teachers. In the five years since the establishment of the school, 144 people have won awards at the municipal level or above, 253 people have won awards at the district level or above, and 8 teachers have become hosts of famous teacher studios; 1 national project, 4 provincial projects, 23 municipal projects, and 40 district projects have been won. According to incomplete statistics, in the past five years, a total of 357 people have won provincial and above awards, 138 people have won municipal awards, and 246 people have won district awards. "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Renmin-University-High-School-Shenzhen-School-High-School-Stadium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11169234.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

