---
title: South Australia Secondary School Sports Stadium
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Nan'ao-Middle-School-Stadium/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108409/11169235.jpg',
                title: 'South Australia Secondary School Sports Stadium',
                description: "1. Basic Information Shenzhen Dapeng New District Nan'ao Middle School was founded in September 1988...",
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108409/11169235.jpg',
                title: 'South Australia Secondary School Sports Stadium',
                description: "1. Basic Information Shenzhen Dapeng New District Nan'ao Middle School was founded in September 1988...",
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Dapeng New District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: No. 37, Jiaoyu Road, Nan'ao Street, Dapeng New District

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
1. Basic Information Shenzhen Dapeng New District Nan'ao Middle School was founded in September 1988. It is a full-time public junior high school directly managed by the Dapeng New District Education and Health Bureau. It was rated as a first-level school in Guangdong Province in 2006; became an experimental school of the China Tao Xingzhi Research Association in 2016; and was rated as the first batch of national youth basketball specialty schools in 2017. Nan'ao Middle School is located at No. 37, Jiaoyu Road, Nan'ao Street, Dapeng New District. The campus covers an area of 25,296 square meters and the building area is 15,135 square meters. The school has 31 functional rooms such as computers, physics, chemistry, biology, music, dance, art, and stepped classrooms. There are basketball courts, five-a-side football fields, badminton (table tennis) rooms, air-inflated arenas and other sports venues for teachers and students. The library has a collection of about 39,000 books and has 4 reading rooms for teachers and students (3 reading rooms for students of different grades). The equipment and facilities can basically meet the needs of daily education and teaching and student activities. The school currently has 11 classes, 382 students and 60 faculty and staff. 2. School characteristics Based on the school motto of "cultivating moral character and encouraging learning", Nan'ao Middle School has put forward the school philosophy of "love and growth", the school goal of "running a school full of growth atmosphere" and the educational goal of "being a friendly person", and has formed a good school spirit of "being a good person and doing good things". (I) Growth curriculum setting Nan'ao Middle School has clarified the development strategy of "curriculum education". Based on the core literacy of Chinese students and Mr. Tao Xingzhi's educational thoughts, Nan'ao Middle School has created a "growth" curriculum system in combination with the actual situation of the school and the development needs of future education. In 2020, Nan'ao Middle School's high school entrance examination results reached a historical high, with an excellent rate of 15.27%, a full score rate of 93.06% in physical education, and a public general high school rate of 31.9%. Six students were admitted to key high schools in Shenzhen, including one admitted to Shenzhen Middle School. (II) Characteristic courses Nan'ao Middle School, with the concept of "liberating students", relies on the construction of student clubs and thematic activities, and has carried out a variety of student activities to cultivate students' comprehensive literacy and enable students to develop in an all-round way. Among them, the student basketball team and water sports are particularly outstanding.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Weekdays: 6:00-7:00, 18:30-20:30
- Forest Area Opening Hours: iShenzhen Appointment

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab South Australia Secondary School Sports Stadium
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108409/11169235.jpg"
    title="South Australia Secondary School Sports Stadium"
    description="1. Basic Information Shenzhen Dapeng New District Nan'ao Middle School was founded in September 1988. It is a full-time public junior high school directly managed by the Dapeng New District Education and Health Bureau. It was rated as a first-level school in Guangdong Province in 2006; became an experimental school of the China Tao Xingzhi Research Association in 2016; and was rated as the first batch of national youth basketball specialty schools in 2017. Nan'ao Middle School is located at No. 37, Jiaoyu Road, Nan'ao Street, Dapeng New District. The campus covers an area of 25,296 square meters and the building area is 15,135 square meters. The school has 31 functional rooms such as computers, physics, chemistry, biology, music, dance, art, and stepped classrooms. There are basketball courts, five-a-side football fields, badminton (table tennis) rooms, air-inflated arenas and other sports venues for teachers and students. The library has a collection of about 39,000 books and has 4 reading rooms for teachers and students (3 reading rooms for students of different grades). "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108409/11169235.jpg"
    title="South Australia Secondary School Sports Stadium"
    description="1. Basic Information Shenzhen Dapeng New District Nan'ao Middle School was founded in September 1988. It is a full-time public junior high school directly managed by the Dapeng New District Education and Health Bureau. It was rated as a first-level school in Guangdong Province in 2006; became an experimental school of the China Tao Xingzhi Research Association in 2016; and was rated as the first batch of national youth basketball specialty schools in 2017. Nan'ao Middle School is located at No. 37, Jiaoyu Road, Nan'ao Street, Dapeng New District. The campus covers an area of 25,296 square meters and the building area is 15,135 square meters. The school has 31 functional rooms such as computers, physics, chemistry, biology, music, dance, art, and stepped classrooms. There are basketball courts, five-a-side football fields, badminton (table tennis) rooms, air-inflated arenas and other sports venues for teachers and students. The library has a collection of about 39,000 books and has 4 reading rooms for teachers and students (3 reading rooms for students of different grades). "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Bus stop: Nan'ao Center Buses passing through: E11, Dapeng Holiday Line 6, 833, M231, M232, M274

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108410/11169234.jpg"
        title="Nan'ao Central Primary School Sports Stadium"
        description="Nan'ao Central Primary School was founded in the 21st year of the Republic of China (1932). During this period, it has been moved around several times and changed its location several times. From the initial private school to the complete primary school, it has been through wind and rain and struggled all the way. In August 1995, the new school building was built and put into use. In August 1995, the former village Yangmeikeng Primary School (teaching point), in August 2000, the former village Dongshan Primary School and Nanping Primary School, and in August 2013, the former village Xichong Primary School were merged into Nanxiao, becoming the only public primary school in Nan'ao. The buildings of Nanxiao are like Kunpeng spreading its wings, trying to fly high. The campus is lush and green, and the environment is quiet. The teachers are rigorous in their studies and teach well, and students have come out of this and become leaders on all fronts. Since the 1980s, under the leadership of successive principals He You, Chen Suming, and He Jianhao, the campus has become more and more perfect over the years, with green shades and the fragrance of books. In recent years, the school has been adhering to the concept of 'immersing in marine culture, learning to be a person before learning skills', establishing a foundation for innovation, keeping pace with the times, condensing marine culture, exploring 'inclusive courses', and striving to create high-quality clubs. With distinctive school-running, the school vision is achieved, and teachers and students are led to 'willing to accommodate and integrate'. The people of Nanxiao will carry on the past and forge ahead into the future, set high goals, ride the wind and waves, persevere, and create new glory together. School philosophy: immerse in marine culture, learn to be a person first and then learn skills. Cultivate students' marine spirit of 'broadness, tolerance, self-confidence, enterprising, creativity, and dedication', and be a person with a sense of the sea and a person with a sense of social responsibility."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Nan'ao-Central-Primary-School-Stadium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108410/11169234.jpg"
        title="Nan'ao Central Primary School Sports Stadium"
        description="Nan'ao Central Primary School was founded in the 21st year of the Republic of China (1932). During this period, it has been moved around several times and changed its location several times. From the initial private school to the complete primary school, it has been through wind and rain and struggled all the way. In August 1995, the new school building was built and put into use. In August 1995, the former village Yangmeikeng Primary School (teaching point), in August 2000, the former village Dongshan Primary School and Nanping Primary School, and in August 2013, the former village Xichong Primary School were merged into Nanxiao, becoming the only public primary school in Nan'ao. The buildings of Nanxiao are like Kunpeng spreading its wings, trying to fly high. The campus is lush and green, and the environment is quiet. The teachers are rigorous in their studies and teach well, and students have come out of this and become leaders on all fronts. Since the 1980s, under the leadership of successive principals He You, Chen Suming, and He Jianhao, the campus has become more and more perfect over the years, with green shades and the fragrance of books. In recent years, the school has been adhering to the concept of 'immersing in marine culture, learning to be a person before learning skills', establishing a foundation for innovation, keeping pace with the times, condensing marine culture, exploring 'inclusive courses', and striving to create high-quality clubs. With distinctive school-running, the school vision is achieved, and teachers and students are led to 'willing to accommodate and integrate'. The people of Nanxiao will carry on the past and forge ahead into the future, set high goals, ride the wind and waves, persevere, and create new glory together. School philosophy: immerse in marine culture, learn to be a person first and then learn skills. Cultivate students' marine spirit of 'broadness, tolerance, self-confidence, enterprising, creativity, and dedication', and be a person with a sense of the sea and a person with a sense of social responsibility. "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Nan'ao-Central-Primary-School-Stadium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11169235.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

