---
title: Baoan Stadium
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Bao'an-Stadium/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097276/11117343.jpg',
                title: 'Baoan Stadium',
                description: 'Baoan Stadium is located in N14 District on the main axis of the urban landscape of Baoan Central Di...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097276/11117343.jpg',
                title: 'Baoan Stadium',
                description: 'Baoan Stadium is located in N14 District on the main axis of the urban landscape of Baoan Central Di...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Baoan District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: No. 3021, Yu'an 1st Road, Xin'an Street, Bao'an District, Shenzhen

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Baoan Stadium is located in N14 District on the main axis of the urban landscape of Baoan Central District. It was completed and put into use in May 2011. It covers an area of 120,000 square meters, with a total construction area of 97,700 square meters and a total building height of 40.95 meters. It has 40,000 seats for spectators, 70 seats for the disabled, 68 seats for the rostrum, 268 VIP seats, and 22 VIP boxes. The main stadium is designed with 9 runways and 1,000 parking spaces. The architectural design of Baoan Stadium adopts the "bamboo forest" design designed by GMP International Architectural Design Co., Ltd. of Germany, and the construction drawing design task is undertaken by the Design Institute of South China University of Technology. Baoan Stadium mainly includes the main stadium, ancillary training grounds, and underground parking lots. The venue is well-equipped and can host international football matches and track and field events.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 08:00-12:00,14:00-22:00
- Forest Area Opening Hours: No appointment required

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Baoan Stadium
<ImageCard
image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097276/11117343.jpg"
    title="Baoan Stadium"
    description="Baoan Stadium is located in N14 District on the main axis of the urban landscape of Baoan Central District. It was completed and put into use in May 2011. It covers an area of 120,000 square meters, with a total construction area of 97,700 square meters and a total building height of 40.95 meters. It has 40,000 seats for spectators, 70 seats for the disabled, 68 seats for the rostrum, 268 VIP seats, and 22 VIP boxes. The main stadium is designed with 9 runways and 1,000 parking spaces. The architectural design of Baoan Stadium adopts the 'bamboo forest' design designed by GMP International Architectural Design Co., Ltd. of Germany, and the construction drawing design task is undertaken by the Design Institute of South China University of Technology. Baoan Stadium mainly includes the main stadium, ancillary training grounds, and underground parking lots. The venue is well-equipped and can host international football matches and track and field events."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097276/11117343.jpg"
    title="Baoan Stadium"
    description="Baoan Stadium is located in N14 District on the main axis of the urban landscape of Baoan Central District. It was completed and put into use in May 2011. It covers an area of 120,000 square meters, with a total construction area of 97,700 square meters and a total building height of 40.95 meters. It has 40,000 seats for spectators, 70 seats for the disabled, 68 seats for the rostrum, 268 VIP seats, and 22 VIP boxes. The main stadium is designed with 9 runways and 1,000 parking spaces. The architectural design of Baoan Stadium adopts the 'bamboo forest' design designed by GMP International Architectural Design Co., Ltd. of Germany, and the construction drawing design task is undertaken by the Design Institute of South China University of Technology. Baoan Stadium mainly includes the main stadium, ancillary training grounds, and underground parking lots. The venue is well-equipped and can host international football matches and track and field events."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Buses B932, E15, M197, M200, M210, M131, M157, M376, M473, M484; Metro Line 1

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097277/11117344.jpg"
        title="Baoan Sports Center"
        description="Baoan Gymnasium is located in the central area of Baoan, covering an area of 80,000 square meters, with a construction area of 47,400 square meters and a building height of 31.5 meters. It was put into use in September 2002. There are 8,188 seats for spectators, including 96 seats on the rostrum, 5,848 fixed seats, 2,228 movable seats and 16 seats for the disabled. There are 20 badminton courts in the main hall, 13 outdoor basketball courts outside the hall, and 310 parking spaces in the outdoor parking lot. Baoan Gymnasium consists of a competition hall and a training hall, which can hold basketball, volleyball, badminton, table tennis, taekwondo, boxing, martial arts and gymnastics competitions. The main building of the gymnasium is divided into four floors. The first floor is mainly for VIP rooms, referee lounges, athlete lounges, journalists' editing rooms and other functional rooms. The athlete lounge is equipped with dressing rooms, toilets, and shower rooms with complete facilities; the second floor has a press conference hall; the third floor is for office rooms; and the fourth floor is an equipment control room. Baoan Gymnasium is the venue for the competitive gymnastics and artistic gymnastics events of the 26th Summer Universiade in Shenzhen in 2011."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Bao'an-Gymnasium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097277/11117344.jpg"
        title="Baoan Sports Center"
        description="Baoan Gymnasium is located in the central area of Baoan, covering an area of 80,000 square meters, with a construction area of 47,400 square meters and a building height of 31.5 meters. It was put into use in September 2002. There are 8,188 seats for spectators, including 96 seats on the rostrum, 5,848 fixed seats, 2,228 movable seats and 16 seats for the disabled. There are 20 badminton courts in the main hall, 13 outdoor basketball courts outside the hall, and 310 parking spaces in the outdoor parking lot. Baoan Gymnasium consists of a competition hall and a training hall, which can hold basketball, volleyball, badminton, table tennis, taekwondo, boxing, martial arts and gymnastics competitions. The main building of the gymnasium is divided into four floors. The first floor is mainly for VIP rooms, referee lounges, athlete lounges, journalists' editing rooms and other functional rooms. The athlete lounge is equipped with dressing rooms, toilets, and shower rooms with complete facilities; the second floor has a press conference hall; the third floor is for office rooms; and the fourth floor is an equipment control room. Baoan Gymnasium is the venue for the competitive gymnastics and artistic gymnastics events of the 26th Summer Universiade in Shenzhen in 2011."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Bao'an-Gymnasium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                 | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | http://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11117343.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

