---
title: Baoan Swimming Pool
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Bao'an-Swimming-Pool/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097275/11117342.jpg',
                title: 'Baoan Swimming Pool',
                description: 'Baoan Swimming Pool was put into use in 2006, with a construction area of 25,000 square meters and a...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097275/11117342.jpg',
                title: 'Baoan Swimming Pool',
                description: 'Baoan Swimming Pool was put into use in 2006, with a construction area of 25,000 square meters and a...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Baoan District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: No. 2121, Yu'an 1st Road, Xin'an Street, Bao'an District, Shenzhen

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Baoan Swimming Pool was put into use in 2006, with a construction area of 25,000 square meters and a building height of 15.27 meters. The water area is 5,662.5 square meters, and the swimming pool has 1,200 seats for spectators. Baoan Swimming Pool has 1 competition standard pool, 1 training pool, 1 children's pool, and 2 children's play pools. Baoan Swimming Pool has 1 50-meter constant temperature standard competition pool with 10 lanes and 1 50-meter constant temperature training pool with 4 lanes. Baoan Swimming Pool was completed and put into use in September 2009, with a construction area of 21,100 square meters and a building height of 22.25 meters. The swimming pool has 3,000 seats for spectators, 6 seats for the disabled, 42 seats for the rostrum, and a total of 900 parking spaces. The swimming pool is divided into three floors, with two floors for the inner field. The first floor has a swimming pool as well as changing rooms, storage rooms, shower rooms, infirmary, competition function rooms, etc.; the second floor has office rooms, broadcasting function rooms, audio equipment rooms, etc.; the basement has water treatment and disinfection equipment rooms, air-conditioning equipment rooms, power distribution rooms and parking lots, etc.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 07:00-09:00,14:30-21:00
- Forest Area Opening Hours: No appointment required

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Baoan Swimming Pool
<ImageCard
image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097275/11117342.jpg"
    title="Baoan Swimming Pool"
    description="Baoan Swimming Pool was put into use in 2006, with a construction area of 25,000 square meters and a building height of 15.27 meters. The water area is 5,662.5 square meters, and the swimming pool has 1,200 seats for spectators. Baoan Swimming Pool has 1 competition standard pool, 1 training pool, 1 children's pool, and 2 children's play pools. Baoan Swimming Pool has 1 50-meter constant temperature standard competition pool with 10 lanes and 1 50-meter constant temperature training pool with 4 lanes. Baoan Swimming Pool was completed and put into use in September 2009, with a construction area of 21,100 square meters and a building height of 22.25 meters. The swimming pool has 3,000 seats for spectators, 6 seats for the disabled, 42 seats for the rostrum, and a total of 900 parking spaces. The swimming pool is divided into three floors, with two floors for the inner field. The first floor has a swimming pool as well as changing rooms, storage rooms, shower rooms, infirmary, competition function rooms, etc.; the second floor has office rooms, broadcasting function rooms, audio equipment rooms, etc.; the basement has water treatment and disinfection equipment rooms, air-conditioning equipment rooms, power distribution rooms and parking lots, etc."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097275/11117342.jpg"
    title="Baoan Swimming Pool"
    description="Baoan Swimming Pool was put into use in 2006, with a construction area of 25,000 square meters and a building height of 15.27 meters. The water area is 5,662.5 square meters, and the swimming pool has 1,200 seats for spectators. Baoan Swimming Pool has 1 competition standard pool, 1 training pool, 1 children's pool, and 2 children's play pools. Baoan Swimming Pool has 1 50-meter constant temperature standard competition pool with 10 lanes and 1 50-meter constant temperature training pool with 4 lanes. Baoan Swimming Pool was completed and put into use in September 2009, with a construction area of 21,100 square meters and a building height of 22.25 meters. The swimming pool has 3,000 seats for spectators, 6 seats for the disabled, 42 seats for the rostrum, and a total of 900 parking spaces. The swimming pool is divided into three floors, with two floors for the inner field. The first floor has a swimming pool as well as changing rooms, storage rooms, shower rooms, infirmary, competition function rooms, etc.; the second floor has office rooms, broadcasting function rooms, audio equipment rooms, etc.; the basement has water treatment and disinfection equipment rooms, air-conditioning equipment rooms, power distribution rooms and parking lots, etc."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Buses B837, M350, M375, M470, M473; Metro Line 1

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097276/11117343.jpg"
        title="Baoan Stadium"
        description="Baoan Stadium is located in N14 District on the main axis of the urban landscape of Baoan Central District. It was completed and put into use in May 2011. It covers an area of 120,000 square meters, with a total construction area of 97,700 square meters and a total building height of 40.95 meters. It has 40,000 seats for spectators, 70 seats for the disabled, 68 seats for the rostrum, 268 VIP seats, and 22 VIP boxes. The main stadium is designed with 9 runways and 1,000 parking spaces. The architectural design of Baoan Stadium adopts the 'bamboo forest' design designed by GMP International Architectural Design Co., Ltd. of Germany, and the construction drawing design task is undertaken by the Design Institute of South China University of Technology. Baoan Stadium mainly includes the main stadium, ancillary training grounds, and underground parking lots. The venue is well-equipped and can host international football matches and track and field events."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Bao'an-Stadium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097276/11117343.jpg"
        title="Baoan Stadium"
        description="Baoan Stadium is located in N14 District on the main axis of the urban landscape of Baoan Central District. It was completed and put into use in May 2011. It covers an area of 120,000 square meters, with a total construction area of 97,700 square meters and a total building height of 40.95 meters. It has 40,000 seats for spectators, 70 seats for the disabled, 68 seats for the rostrum, 268 VIP seats, and 22 VIP boxes. The main stadium is designed with 9 runways and 1,000 parking spaces. The architectural design of Baoan Stadium adopts the 'bamboo forest' design designed by GMP International Architectural Design Co., Ltd. of Germany, and the construction drawing design task is undertaken by the Design Institute of South China University of Technology. Baoan Stadium mainly includes the main stadium, ancillary training grounds, and underground parking lots. The venue is well-equipped and can host international football matches and track and field events."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Bao'an-Stadium/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                 | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | http://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11117342.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

