---
title: Huangmugang Tennis Center
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Huangmugang-Tennis-Center/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096517/11111767.jpg',
                title: 'Huangmugang Tennis Center',
                description: 'Huangmugang Tennis Center is located at No. 3072, Sungang West Road, Futian District. It was complet...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096517/11111767.jpg',
                title: 'Huangmugang Tennis Center',
                description: 'Huangmugang Tennis Center is located at No. 3072, Sungang West Road, Futian District. It was complet...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: Radio gymnastics, pull-up stick, square dance, waist drum, yangko, hand clapping dance, Mulan, comprehensive fitness, modern dance, aerobics series, square dance, yangko, waist drum, Tai Chi series
- Detailed Address: No. 3072, Sungang West Road, Futian District, Shenzhen

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Huangmugang Tennis Center is located at No. 3072, Sungang West Road, Futian District. It was completed in 2008 and covers an area of about 15,000 square meters. It has 6 standard outdoor tennis courts, 6 tensile membrane wind and rain tennis courts, 4 tennis practice walls and 1 basketball court. The tennis court has an audience seat that can accommodate 500 spectators. Parking lots, locker rooms and other supporting facilities are all available.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 7:00-22:30
- Forest Area Opening Hours: For online booking, please follow the official account of 'Futian Sports SPORTS'

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Huangmugang Tennis Center
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096517/11111767.jpg"
    title="Huangmugang Tennis Center"
    description="Huangmugang Tennis Center is located at No. 3072, Sungang West Road, Futian District. It was completed in 2008 and covers an area of about 15,000 square meters. It has 6 standard outdoor tennis courts, 6 tensile membrane wind and rain tennis courts, 4 tennis practice walls and 1 basketball court. The tennis court has an audience seat that can accommodate 500 spectators. Parking lots, locker rooms and other supporting facilities are all available."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096517/11111767.jpg"
    title="Huangmugang Tennis Center"
    description="Huangmugang Tennis Center is located at No. 3072, Sungang West Road, Futian District. It was completed in 2008 and covers an area of about 15,000 square meters. It has 6 standard outdoor tennis courts, 6 tensile membrane wind and rain tennis courts, 4 tennis practice walls and 1 basketball court. The tennis court has an audience seat that can accommodate 500 spectators. Parking lots, locker rooms and other supporting facilities are all available."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: No. 2 Municipal Hospital Bus Stop, passing buses: 11; 12; 30; 59; 79; 102; 209; 213; 216; 234; B686; N12; N6; 209; 302; 317; 323; 357; 365; 398; K302; M202; M358; M369

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4214/4214877/11633910.png"
        title="Luohu Sports Center"
        description="1. The main stadium on the first floor of the gymnasium is a multifunctional venue. It uses elastic wood anti-skid flooring, has 3,000 seats, and has 9 standard badminton courts. It can hold all-weather training and is open to the public. It can also host various cultural and sports events. 2. The badminton court and basketball court on the third floor below ground have an area of about 1,600 square meters and a floor height of 10 meters. It uses elastic wood anti-skid flooring and has a total of 12 badminton courts. It can be used for all-weather training and is open to the public, hosting various competitions and activities. 3. The indoor constant temperature swimming pool has an area of about 1,000 square meters, 25 meters long and 25 meters wide, and 8 lanes. It has a constant temperature system with world-class advanced technology to ensure that the water temperature remains at 26℃-28℃ all year round. It has an international first-class advanced high-tech filtration and disinfection system to ensure that customers can enjoy the fun of swimming with peace of mind. Rest areas are added around the swimming pool to provide customers with the most comfortable environment. There is a viewing stand on the second floor of the indoor swimming pool to provide customers with a wide viewing field. 4. Indoor table tennis. There are 4 table tennis tables, using comfortable green PVC non-slip and shock-absorbing elastic plastic flooring, and the walls around the venue are painted yellow. The combination of these two colors will make the athletes on the field feel calm and youthful. 5. Outdoor swimming pool. "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Jingpeng-Primary-School/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4214/4214877/11633910.png"
        title="Luohu Sports Center"
        description="1. The main stadium on the first floor of the gymnasium is a multifunctional venue. It uses elastic wood anti-skid flooring, has 3,000 seats, and has 9 standard badminton courts. It can hold all-weather training and is open to the public. It can also host various cultural and sports events. 2. The badminton court and basketball court on the third floor below ground have an area of about 1,600 square meters and a floor height of 10 meters. It uses elastic wood anti-skid flooring and has a total of 12 badminton courts. It can be used for all-weather training and is open to the public, hosting various competitions and activities. 3. The indoor constant temperature swimming pool has an area of about 1,000 square meters, 25 meters long and 25 meters wide, and 8 lanes. It has a constant temperature system with world-class advanced technology to ensure that the water temperature remains at 26℃-28℃ all year round. It has an international first-class advanced high-tech filtration and disinfection system to ensure that customers can enjoy the fun of swimming with peace of mind. Rest areas are added around the swimming pool to provide customers with the most comfortable environment. There is a viewing stand on the second floor of the indoor swimming pool to provide customers with a wide viewing field. 4. Indoor table tennis. There are 4 table tennis tables, using comfortable green PVC non-slip and shock-absorbing elastic plastic flooring, and the walls around the venue are painted yellow. The combination of these two colors will make the athletes on the field feel calm and youthful. 5. Outdoor swimming pool."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Jingpeng-Primary-School/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11111767.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

