---
title: Xiangmi Sports Center
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Xiangmi-Sports-Center/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096514/11111766.jpg',
                title: 'Xiangmi Sports Center',
                description: 'Xiangmi Sports Center is located in the northwest area of Xiangmi Park (bordered by Zetian Road in t...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096514/11111766.jpg',
                title: 'Xiangmi Sports Center',
                description: 'Xiangmi Sports Center is located in the northwest area of Xiangmi Park (bordered by Zetian Road in t...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: Radio gymnastics, pull-up stick, square dance, waist drum, yangko, hand clapping dance, Mulan, comprehensive fitness, modern dance, aerobics series, square dance, yangko, waist drum, Tai Chi series
- Detailed Address: The junction of Qiaoxiang Road and Zetian Road, Futian District, Shenzhen (northwest of Xiangmi Park)

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Xiangmi Sports Center is located in the northwest area of Xiangmi Park (bordered by Zetian Road in the west, Qiaoxiang Road in the north, Xiangmihu Road in the east, and Xiangmi Park in the south), covering an area of about 54,000 square meters. It mainly includes 7 standard tennis courts, 6 basketball courts, 1 standard 11-a-side football field, 2 7-a-side football fields, as well as supporting facilities such as activity plaza, underground parking lot, and locker rooms.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 7:00-22:30
- Forest Area Opening Hours: For online booking, please follow the official account of 'Futian Sports SPORTS'

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Xiangmi Sports Center
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096514/11111766.jpg"
    title="Xiangmi Sports Center"
    description="Xiangmi Sports Center is located in the northwest area of Xiangmi Park (bordered by Zetian Road in the west, Qiaoxiang Road in the north, Xiangmihu Road in the east, and Xiangmi Park in the south), covering an area of about 54,000 square meters. It mainly includes 7 standard tennis courts, 6 basketball courts, 1 standard 11-a-side football field, 2 7-a-side football fields, as well as supporting facilities such as activity plaza, underground parking lot, and locker rooms."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096514/11111766.jpg"
    title="Xiangmi Sports Center"
    description="Xiangmi Sports Center is located in the northwest area of Xiangmi Park (bordered by Zetian Road in the west, Qiaoxiang Road in the north, Xiangmihu Road in the east, and Xiangmi Park in the south), covering an area of about 54,000 square meters. It mainly includes 7 standard tennis courts, 6 basketball courts, 1 standard 11-a-side football field, 2 7-a-side football fields, as well as supporting facilities such as activity plaza, underground parking lot, and locker rooms."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Jindi Tennis Center Station; Bus No. 45; Bus No. 73; Bus No. 104; Bus No. 245; Bus No. 323; Bus No. 325; Bus No. b611; Bus No. m312; Express Bus No. 16

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096517/11111767.jpg"
        title="Huangmugang Tennis Center"
        description="Huangmugang Tennis Center is located at No. 3072, Sungang West Road, Futian District. It was completed in 2008 and covers an area of about 15,000 square meters. It has 6 standard outdoor tennis courts, 6 tensile membrane wind and rain tennis courts, 4 tennis practice walls and 1 basketball court. The tennis court has an audience seat that can accommodate 500 spectators. Parking lots, locker rooms and other supporting facilities are all available."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Huangmugang-Tennis-Center/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096517/11111767.jpg"
        title="Huangmugang Tennis Center"
        description="Huangmugang Tennis Center is located at No. 3072, Sungang West Road, Futian District. It was completed in 2008 and covers an area of about 15,000 square meters. It has 6 standard outdoor tennis courts, 6 tensile membrane wind and rain tennis courts, 4 tennis practice walls and 1 basketball court. The tennis court has an audience seat that can accommodate 500 spectators. Parking lots, locker rooms and other supporting facilities are all available."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Huangmugang-Tennis-Center/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11111766.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

