---
title: Futian Sports Park
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Futian-Sports-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096518/11111769.jpg',
                title: 'Futian Sports Park',
                description: 'Futian Sports Park is located at the intersection of Fuqiang Road and Binhe Avenue in Futian Distric...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096518/11111769.jpg',
                title: 'Futian Sports Park',
                description: 'Futian Sports Park is located at the intersection of Fuqiang Road and Binhe Avenue in Futian Distric...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: Radio gymnastics, pull-up stick, square dance, waist drum, yangko, hand clapping dance, Mulan, comprehensive fitness, modern dance, aerobics series, square dance, yangko, waist drum, Tai Chi series
- Detailed Address: No. 3030, Fuqiang Road, Futian District, Shenzhen

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Futian Sports Park is located at the intersection of Fuqiang Road and Binhe Avenue in Futian District. It covers an area of 63,000 square meters and a total construction area of more than 100,000 square meters. It was completed in early 2008. Comprehensive Gymnasium: It is one of the three major venues in Futian Sports Park, with a construction area of 6,600 square meters and an activity area of 1,700 square meters. There are 11 standard doubles badminton courts in the hall. The entire venue is divided into four floors. The first and second floors have supporting function rooms, and the third and fourth floors are stands with 2,268 fixed seats. Futian Sports Park Gymnasium is the venue for the aerobics competition of the 2011 Universiade. In addition to hosting many large-scale sports events and comprehensive cultural performances, the hall can also host various types of sports competitions, corporate sports meetings, evening parties for enterprises and institutions, award ceremonies, speech meetings, new product launches and other activities. Outdoor Lighting Stadium: The venue area is about 15,000 square meters, including a 400-meter standard plastic track, a standard artificial turf football field, a rostrum and about 5,000 fixed seats. The stadium is equipped with a complete sound system, and lighthouses are set up at the four corners to provide lighting according to the needs of competition activities. Indoor constant temperature swimming pool: including a 10-lane 50-meter standard constant temperature swimming pool (water depth 1.4-2.0 meters, water temperature 27±0.5 degrees Celsius) and a children's pool (water depth 0.4-0.8 meters, water temperature 27±0.5 degrees Celsius). The hall is equipped with stands and rostrum, 330 fixed seats, matching locker rooms and showers, which can provide venue services for water sports competitions and training.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Arena: 7:00-22:30 Swimming pool: 7:00-09:00, 09:30-12:00, 14:00-18:00, 18:30-22:00 (November-December, January-March 18:30-21:30)
- Forest Area Opening Hours: For online booking, please follow the official account of 'Futian Sports SPORTS'

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Futian Sports Park
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096518/11111769.jpg"
    title="Futian Sports Park"
    description="Futian Sports Park is located at the intersection of Fuqiang Road and Binhe Avenue in Futian District. It covers an area of 63,000 square meters and a total construction area of more than 100,000 square meters. It was completed in early 2008. Comprehensive Gymnasium: It is one of the three major venues in Futian Sports Park, with a construction area of 6,600 square meters and an activity area of 1,700 square meters. There are 11 standard doubles badminton courts in the hall. The entire venue is divided into four floors. The first and second floors have supporting function rooms, and the third and fourth floors are stands with 2,268 fixed seats. Futian Sports Park Gymnasium is the venue for the aerobics competition of the 2011 Universiade. In addition to hosting many large-scale sports events and comprehensive cultural performances, the hall can also host various types of sports competitions, corporate sports meetings, evening parties for enterprises and institutions, award ceremonies, speech meetings, new product launches and other activities. Outdoor Lighting Stadium: The venue area is about 15,000 square meters, including a 400-meter standard plastic track, a standard artificial turf football field, a rostrum and about 5,000 fixed seats. The stadium is equipped with a complete sound system, and lighthouses are set up at the four corners to provide lighting according to the needs of competition activities. Indoor constant temperature swimming pool: including a 10-lane 50-meter standard constant temperature swimming pool (water depth 1.4-2.0 meters, water temperature 27±0.5 degrees Celsius) and a children's pool (water depth 0.4-0.8 meters, water temperature 27±0.5 degrees Celsius). The hall is equipped with stands and rostrum, 330 fixed seats, matching locker rooms and showers, which can provide venue services for water sports competitions and training."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096518/11111769.jpg"
    title="Futian Sports Park"
    description="Futian Sports Park is located at the intersection of Fuqiang Road and Binhe Avenue in Futian District. It covers an area of 63,000 square meters and a total construction area of more than 100,000 square meters. It was completed in early 2008. Comprehensive Gymnasium: It is one of the three major venues in Futian Sports Park, with a construction area of 6,600 square meters and an activity area of 1,700 square meters. There are 11 standard doubles badminton courts in the hall. The entire venue is divided into four floors. The first and second floors have supporting function rooms, and the third and fourth floors are stands with 2,268 fixed seats. Futian Sports Park Gymnasium is the venue for the aerobics competition of the 2011 Universiade. In addition to hosting many large-scale sports events and comprehensive cultural performances, the hall can also host various types of sports competitions, corporate sports meetings, evening parties for enterprises and institutions, award ceremonies, speech meetings, new product launches and other activities. Outdoor Lighting Stadium: The venue area is about 15,000 square meters, including a 400-meter standard plastic track, a standard artificial turf football field, a rostrum and about 5,000 fixed seats. The stadium is equipped with a complete sound system, and lighthouses are set up at the four corners to provide lighting according to the needs of competition activities. Indoor constant temperature swimming pool: including a 10-lane 50-meter standard constant temperature swimming pool (water depth 1.4-2.0 meters, water temperature 27±0.5 degrees Celsius) and a children's pool (water depth 0.4-0.8 meters, water temperature 27±0.5 degrees Celsius). The hall is equipped with stands and rostrum, 330 fixed seats, matching locker rooms and showers, which can provide venue services for water sports competitions and training."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Futian Sports Park Bus Stop 229, 229, 236, 236, 26, 28, 337, 337, 34, 34, 369, 369, 382, 382, 64, 64, K105, K105, K204, K204, K359, K359, M463, M463, M520, M520 Road Shacun 1 Bus Stop 80, 322, 339, M347, M370, M453, M511 Road Shacun 2 Bus Stop 202, 303, 317, 372, 377, 44, B689, M519

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096515/11111768.jpg"
        title="Lotus Sports Center"
        description="Lotus Sports Center is located at the intersection of Jingtian East Road and Jingtian South Fourth Street. It was completed in 2008 and covers an area of about 8,000 square meters. It has 5 standard outdoor tennis courts, a constant temperature swimming pool (8 lanes, 50 meters constant temperature swimming pool, water depth 1.4-1.8 meters, water temperature 27±0.5 degrees Celsius), matching locker rooms, showers, and parking lots."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Lotus-Sports-Center/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096515/11111768.jpg"
        title="Lotus Sports Center"
        description="Lotus Sports Center is located at the intersection of Jingtian East Road and Jingtian South Fourth Street. It was completed in 2008 and covers an area of about 8,000 square meters. It has 5 standard outdoor tennis courts, a constant temperature swimming pool (8 lanes, 50 meters constant temperature swimming pool, water depth 1.4-1.8 meters, water temperature 27±0.5 degrees Celsius), matching locker rooms, showers, and parking lots."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Lotus-Sports-Center/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11111769.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

