---
title: Luohu Tennis Center
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Luohu-Tennis-Center/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4215/4215018/11633912.jpg',
                title: 'Luohu Tennis Center',
                description: '1. The outdoor tennis court consists of 10 standard tennis courts. The main courts 1-6 are lined up ...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4215/4215018/11633912.jpg',
                title: 'Luohu Tennis Center',
                description: '1. The outdoor tennis court consists of 10 standard tennis courts. The main courts 1-6 are lined up ...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Luohu District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: Radio gymnastics, pull-up stick, square dance, waist drum, yangko, hand clapping dance, Mulan, comprehensive fitness, modern dance, aerobics series, square dance, yangko, waist drum, Tai Chi series
- Detailed Address: No. 48, Jinger Road, Luohu District, Shenzhen

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
1. The outdoor tennis court consists of 10 standard tennis courts. The main courts 1-6 are lined up in a row, open and grand. There are another 4 courts on the top of the mountain. 2. The central tennis court is a sunshade central court that can accommodate 600 spectators. The air is fresh and the birds are singing and the flowers are fragrant. The passages between the courts are covered with green plants on the railings and walls, giving people the feeling of walking in the woods. The antique corridors connect all the courts to protect everyone from the wind and rain. It can be said that you don’t need to be afraid of the sun in the hot summer and don’t need to run away in the storm. 3. The indoor tennis hall is located next to the south gate of the beautiful East Lake Park and in the Luohu Sports Center in Shenzhen. It perfectly integrates green space, blue sky and tennis sports, forming a strong visual contrast with the tranquility of the park, and the momentum is like a rainbow. The second underground floor is a parking lot and civil air defense building. The second, third and roof floors are 7 indoor tennis courts, 3 outdoor tennis courts and 8 children’s short tennis courts, with a total construction area of 20,000 square meters and 200 underground parking spaces. The indoor tennis court has become an integrated, ecological, diverse and open community sports tennis court.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 09:00-22:00
- Forest Area Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Luohu Tennis Center
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4215/4215018/11633912.jpg"
    title="Luohu Tennis Center"
    description="1. The outdoor tennis court consists of 10 standard tennis courts. The main courts 1-6 are lined up in a row, open and grand. There are another 4 courts on the top of the mountain. 2. The central tennis court is a sunshade central court that can accommodate 600 spectators. The air is fresh and the birds are singing and the flowers are fragrant. The passages between the courts are covered with green plants on the railings and walls, giving people the feeling of walking in the woods. The antique corridors connect all the courts to protect everyone from the wind and rain. It can be said that you don’t need to be afraid of the sun in the hot summer and don’t need to run away in the storm. 3. The indoor tennis hall is located next to the south gate of the beautiful East Lake Park and in the Luohu Sports Center in Shenzhen. It perfectly integrates green space, blue sky and tennis sports, forming a strong visual contrast with the tranquility of the park, and the momentum is like a rainbow. The second underground floor is a parking lot and civil air defense building. The second, third and roof floors are 7 indoor tennis courts, 3 outdoor tennis courts and 8 children’s short tennis courts, with a total construction area of 20,000 square meters and 200 underground parking spaces. The indoor tennis court has become an integrated, ecological, diverse and open community sports tennis court."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4215/4215018/11633912.jpg"
    title="Luohu Tennis Center"
    description="1. The outdoor tennis court consists of 10 standard tennis courts. The main courts 1-6 are lined up in a row, open and grand. There are another 4 courts on the top of the mountain. 2. The central tennis court is a sunshade central court that can accommodate 600 spectators. The air is fresh and the birds are singing and the flowers are fragrant. The passages between the courts are covered with green plants on the railings and walls, giving people the feeling of walking in the woods. The antique corridors connect all the courts to protect everyone from the wind and rain. It can be said that you don’t need to be afraid of the sun in the hot summer and don’t need to run away in the storm. 3. The indoor tennis hall is located next to the south gate of the beautiful East Lake Park and in the Luohu Sports Center in Shenzhen. It perfectly integrates green space, blue sky and tennis sports, forming a strong visual contrast with the tranquility of the park, and the momentum is like a rainbow. The second underground floor is a parking lot and civil air defense building. The second, third and roof floors are 7 indoor tennis courts, 3 outdoor tennis courts and 8 children’s short tennis courts, with a total construction area of 20,000 square meters and 200 underground parking spaces. The indoor tennis court has become an integrated, ecological, diverse and open community sports tennis court."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Public transportation: Luohu Gymnasium① (388 meters walk) Buses passing by: No. 27; No. 57; No. 103; No. 111; No. 113; No. 387; No. 387 Peak Express; No. B621; No. M133; No. M182; No. M191; No. M290; No. M437; No. M468 Express; No. M468; No. M520; No. M526; Dameisha Holiday Express No. 1; Dameisha Holiday Express No. 2; Peak Express No. 5; Express Bus No. 12; Express Bus No. 200. Luohu Stadium② (388 meters walk) Buses passing by: Dapeng Holiday Line 6, 202 Interval Line, Dapeng Holiday Line 4, Dapeng Jinsha Bay Tourist Line; 202 Interval Bus 2; Peak Express Line 58, Dapeng Holiday Line 4, NE26; 85; 202; 205; 214; 308; E11; E26; M207; M348; M364; M555; N21; Peak Express Line 58; Express Bus No. 13; Express Bus No. 26. Luohu Administrative Service Hall (198 meters walk) Buses passing by: 10; 27; 85; 111; M133; B621 Metro: ① Walk about 1.2 kilometers from Exit B of Xinxiu Subway Station on Line 2 (Shekou Line). ②Exit C of Huangbeiling Subway Station on Line 5 (Ring Central Line), and take a bus to Luohu Administrative Service Hall Bus Stop, or Luohu Gymnasium ①, Luohu Gymnasium ② Bus Stop. ③Exit C of Yijing Subway Station on Line 5 (Ring Central Line), and take a bus to Luohu Gymnasium ①, Luohu Gymnasium ② Bus Stop.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4214/4214890/11633911.png"
        title="Luohu Sports and Leisure Park"
        description="Outdoor football field charges: Five-a-side football field: 1. Monday to Friday 09:00-18:00, 200 yuan/field/2 hours 2. Monday to Friday 18:00-22:00 Weekends and public holidays 09:00-22:00, 400 yuan/field/2 hours Seven-a-side football field: 600 yuan/field/2 hours Opening hours: 9:00-22:00 Inquiry phone: 22720566, 22720533 Outdoor basketball court charges: 9:00-17:00 (free) 17:00-22:00 (5 yuan/person/1 hour, 60 yuan/half court/1 hour) Opening hours: 09:00-22:00 The shuttlecock court and volleyball court are both public welfare and free of charge. Inquiry phone: 25653199, 25655199"
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Luohu-Sports-and-Leisure-Park/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4214/4214890/11633911.png"
        title="Luohu Sports and Leisure Park"
        description="Outdoor football field charges: Five-a-side football field: 1. Monday to Friday 09:00-18:00, 200 yuan/field/2 hours 2. Monday to Friday 18:00-22:00 Weekends and public holidays 09:00-22:00, 400 yuan/field/2 hours Seven-a-side football field: 600 yuan/field/2 hours Opening hours: 9:00-22:00 Inquiry phone: 22720566, 22720533 Outdoor basketball court charges: 9:00-17:00 (free) 17:00-22:00 (5 yuan/person/1 hour, 60 yuan/half court/1 hour) Opening hours: 09:00-22:00 The shuttlecock court and volleyball court are both public welfare and free of charge. Inquiry phone: 25653199, 25655199"
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Luohu-Sports-and-Leisure-Park/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11633912.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

