---
title: Luohu Sports and Leisure Park
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Luohu-Sports-and-Leisure-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4214/4214890/11633911.png',
                title: 'Luohu Sports and Leisure Park',
                description: 'Outdoor football field charges: Five-a-side football field: 1. Monday to Friday 09:00-18:00, 200 yua...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4214/4214890/11633911.png',
                title: 'Luohu Sports and Leisure Park',
                description: 'Outdoor football field charges: Five-a-side football field: 1. Monday to Friday 09:00-18:00, 200 yua...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Luohu District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: Radio gymnastics, pull-up stick, square dance, waist drum, yangko, hand clapping dance, Mulan, comprehensive fitness, modern dance, aerobics series, square dance, yangko, waist drum, Tai Chi series
- Detailed Address: Donghu 2nd Road, Luohu District, Shenzhen

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Outdoor football field charges: Five-a-side football field: 1. Monday to Friday 09:00-18:00, 200 yuan/field/2 hours 2. Monday to Friday 18:00-22:00 Weekends and public holidays 09:00-22:00, 400 yuan/field/2 hours Seven-a-side football field: 600 yuan/field/2 hours Opening hours: 9:00-22:00 Inquiry phone: 22720566, 22720533 Outdoor basketball court charges: 9:00-17:00 (free) 17:00-22:00 (5 yuan/person/1 hour, 60 yuan/half court/1 hour) Opening hours: 09:00-22:00 The shuttlecock court and volleyball court are both public welfare and free of charge. Inquiry phone: 25653199, 25655199

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 09:00-22:00
- Forest Area Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Luohu Sports and Leisure Park
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4214/4214890/11633911.png"
    title="Luohu Sports and Leisure Park"
    description="Outdoor football field charges: Five-a-side football field: 1. Monday to Friday 09:00-18:00, 200 yuan/field/2 hours 2. Monday to Friday 18:00-22:00 Weekends and public holidays 09:00-22:00, 400 yuan/field/2 hours Seven-a-side football field: 600 yuan/field/2 hours Opening hours: 9:00-22:00 Inquiry phone: 22720566, 22720533 Outdoor basketball court charges: 9:00-17:00 (free) 17:00-22:00 (5 yuan/person/1 hour, 60 yuan/half court/1 hour) Opening hours: 09:00-22:00 The shuttlecock court and volleyball court are both public welfare and free of charge. Inquiry phone: 25653199, 25655199"
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4214/4214890/11633911.png"
    title="Luohu Sports and Leisure Park"
    description="Outdoor football field charges: Five-a-side football field: 1. Monday to Friday 09:00-18:00, 200 yuan/field/2 hours 2. Monday to Friday 18:00-22:00 Weekends and public holidays 09:00-22:00, 400 yuan/field/2 hours Seven-a-side football field: 600 yuan/field/2 hours Opening hours: 9:00-22:00 Inquiry phone: 22720566, 22720533 Outdoor basketball court charges: 9:00-17:00 (free) 17:00-22:00 (5 yuan/person/1 hour, 60 yuan/half court/1 hour) Opening hours: 09:00-22:00 The shuttlecock court and volleyball court are both public welfare and free of charge. Inquiry phone: 25653199, 25655199"
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Transportation: Bus: Luohu Gymnasium① (388 meters walk) Buses passing by: No. 27; No. 57; No. 103; No. 111; No. 113; No. 387; No. 387 Peak Express; No. b621; No. m133; No. m182; No. m191; No. m290; No. m437; No. m468 Express; No. m468; No. m520; No. m526; Dameisha Holiday Express No. 1; Dameisha Holiday Express No. 2; Peak Express No. 5; Express Bus No. 12; Express Bus No. 200. Luohu Stadium② (388 meters walk) Buses passing by: Dapeng Holiday Line 6, 202 Interval Line, Dapeng Holiday Line 4, Dapeng Jinsha Bay Tourist Line; 202 Interval Bus 2; Peak Express Line 58, Dapeng Holiday Line 4, NE26; 85; 202; 205; 214; 308; E11; E26; M207; M348; M364; M555; N21; Peak Express Line 58; Express Bus No. 13; Express Bus No. 26. Luohu Administrative Service Hall (198 meters walk) Buses passing by: 10; 27; 85; 111; M133; B621 Metro: ① Walk about 1.2 kilometers from Exit B of Xinxiu Subway Station on Line 2 (Shekou Line). ②Exit C of Huangbeiling Subway Station on Line 5 (Ring Central Line), and take a bus to Luohu Administrative Service Hall Bus Stop, or Luohu Gymnasium ①, Luohu Gymnasium ② Bus Stop. ③Exit C of Yijing Subway Station on Line 5 (Ring Central Line), and take a bus to Luohu Gymnasium ①, Luohu Gymnasium ② Bus Stop.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1334/1334404/10775124.jpg"
        title="Yuehai Sports and Leisure Park"
        description="To be updated"
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Yuehai-Sports-and-Leisure-Park/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1334/1334404/10775124.jpg"
        title="Yuehai Sports and Leisure Park"
        description="To be updated"
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Yuehai-Sports-and-Leisure-Park/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11633911.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

