---
title: Jianshang Sports Complex
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Jianshan-Sports-Complex/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097003/11126064.png',
                title: 'Jianshang Sports Complex',
                description: 'Jianshang Sports Complex is located at No. 355, Minzhi Street, Longhua District, Shenzhen (Exit C of...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097003/11126064.png',
                title: 'Jianshang Sports Complex',
                description: 'Jianshang Sports Complex is located at No. 355, Minzhi Street, Longhua District, Shenzhen (Exit C of...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Longhua District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: Radio gymnastics, pull-up stick, square dance, waist drum, yangko, hand clapping dance, Mulan, comprehensive fitness, modern dance, aerobics series, square dance, yangko, waist drum, Tai Chi series
- Detailed Address: Southeast corner of the intersection of Xinqu Avenue and Jianshang Road, Longhua District, Shenzhen

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Jianshang Sports Complex is located at No. 355, Minzhi Street, Longhua District, Shenzhen (Exit C of Shangtang Station on Metro Line 4). The project is surrounded by Jianshang Road in the northwest, Xinqu Avenue in the southwest, and Minyue North Road in the northeast. The project covers an area of 24,296.59 square meters and a total construction area of 64,992.04 square meters, including 39,641.63 square meters above ground and 25,350.41 square meters underground. The project is 53.9 meters high, with 5 floors above ground and 2 floors underground. Jianshang Sports Complex is the first large-scale vertically distributed sports venue built in Longhua District and the first in the country. It is also a key project for our city to build an internationally renowned sports city. The venue is equipped with a constant temperature swimming pool, a multi-functional comprehensive hall, an indoor badminton hall, an indoor tennis hall and other professional competition-level sports venues. Adhering to the concept of "digital, intelligent, and shared", Jianshang Sports Complex is fully connected to the "i Shenzhen" one-click reservation platform to provide residents of the city with a first-class professional sports service experience and effectively enhance the happiness and sense of gain of the citizens.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 08:30-21:30
- Forest Area Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Jianshang Sports Complex
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097003/11126064.png"
    title="Jianshang Sports Complex"
    description="Jianshang Sports Complex is located at No. 355, Minzhi Street, Longhua District, Shenzhen (Exit C of Shangtang Station on Metro Line 4). The project is surrounded by Jianshang Road in the northwest, Xinqu Avenue in the southwest, and Minyue North Road in the northeast. The project covers an area of 24,296.59 square meters and a total construction area of 64,992.04 square meters, including 39,641.63 square meters above ground and 25,350.41 square meters underground. The project is 53.9 meters high, with 5 floors above ground and 2 floors underground. Jianshang Sports Complex is the first large-scale vertically distributed sports venue built in Longhua District and the first in the country. It is also a key project for our city to build an internationally renowned sports city. The venue is equipped with a constant temperature swimming pool, a multi-functional comprehensive hall, an indoor badminton hall, an indoor tennis hall and other professional competition-level sports venues."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097003/11126064.png"
    title="Jianshang Sports Complex"
    description="Jianshang Sports Complex is located at No. 355, Minzhi Street, Longhua District, Shenzhen (Exit C of Shangtang Station on Metro Line 4). The project is surrounded by Jianshang Road in the northwest, Xinqu Avenue in the southwest, and Minyue North Road in the northeast. The project covers an area of 24,296.59 square meters and a total construction area of 64,992.04 square meters, including 39,641.63 square meters above ground and 25,350.41 square meters underground. The project is 53.9 meters high, with 5 floors above ground and 2 floors underground. Jianshang Sports Complex is the first large-scale vertically distributed sports venue built in Longhua District and the first in the country. It is also a key project for our city to build an internationally renowned sports city. The venue is equipped with a constant temperature swimming pool, a multi-functional comprehensive hall, an indoor badminton hall, an indoor tennis hall and other professional competition-level sports venues. "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Bus: Jianshangzhong Road Bus Station (M130, M212, M381 inner ring, M550, M537, M381 outer ring, peak special line 16/23/150)

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4102/4102634/11145432.png"
        title="Jiulongshan Sports Park"
        description="Jiulongshan Sports Park, with a land area of 64,400 square meters and a total construction area of 39,660 square meters, is designed to highlight the concepts of sports health and green ecology. It is equipped with a landscape lake, more than 480 parking spaces and more than 100 charging piles (Note: the parking lot is currently only open to reserved vehicles, and the charging piles have not yet been put into use). It aims to become a spiritual home for citizens' fitness exercises."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Jiulongshan-Sports-Park/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4102/4102634/11145432.png"
        title="Jiulongshan Sports Park"
        description="Jiulongshan Sports Park, with a land area of 64,400 square meters and a total construction area of 39,660 square meters, is designed to highlight the concepts of sports health and green ecology. It is equipped with a landscape lake, more than 480 parking spaces and more than 100 charging piles (Note: the parking lot is currently only open to reserved vehicles, and the charging piles have not yet been put into use). It aims to become a spiritual home for citizens' fitness exercises."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Jiulongshan-Sports-Park/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11126064.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

