---
title: Longhua Cultural and Sports Center
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Longhua-Cultural-and-Sports-Center/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4102/4102616/11145354.png',
                title: 'Longhua Cultural and Sports Center',
                description: 'As a district-level comprehensive sports center, Longhua Sports Center is the largest sports venue i...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4102/4102616/11145354.png',
                title: 'Longhua Cultural and Sports Center',
                description: 'As a district-level comprehensive sports center, Longhua Sports Center is the largest sports venue i...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Longhua District
- Park Category: Sports venues
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: The intersection of Longhua Avenue and Qingquan Road, Longhua District, Shenzhen, Guangdong

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
As a district-level comprehensive sports center, Longhua Sports Center is the largest sports venue in Longhua District. It is equipped to host various high-level events at home and abroad. In the future, it will be built into a beautiful sports business card for Longhua District's external service window. The second floor of the gymnasium is a comprehensive competition venue with an area of 1938 square meters. There are 5360 fixed seats and 1118 movable seats in the gymnasium. It can host CBA, volleyball, large-scale concerts, art exhibitions and other events. The daily training hall of the gymnasium covers an area of 3262m2. Three different layout modes can be set according to the needs of use. One is to set up 12 badminton courts; the second is to set up 3 basketball courts; the third is a mixed layout setting (basketball court, badminton court, table tennis). The stadium includes a standard natural grass football field for 11 people and a 400-meter standard track and field plastic track, which can be used for track and field teaching, training, and mass sports activities. The stadium stands have 2364 fixed seats. The rooftop park and grille corridor make full use of the rooftop space and fully cover the greenery to create a rooftop park in the form of sports + park, forming a unique leisure aerial corridor. The rooftop park is equipped with children's play facilities and fitness trails. The grille corridor on the first floor is connected with the rooftop park, providing a fitness and leisure venue for different groups of sports enthusiasts and the general public, meeting the daily cultural and sports activities needs of citizens.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 9:00-22:00
- Forest Area Opening Hours: 1. Download the "i Shenzhen" APP and make an appointment on the [One-click Appointment] platform

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Longhua Cultural and Sports Center
<ImageCard
image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4102/4102616/11145354.png"
    title="Longhua Cultural and Sports Center"
    description="As a district-level comprehensive sports center, Longhua Sports Center is the largest sports venue in Longhua District. It is equipped to host various high-level events at home and abroad. In the future, it will be built into a beautiful sports business card for Longhua District's external service window. The second floor of the gymnasium is a comprehensive competition venue with an area of 1938 square meters. There are 5360 fixed seats and 1118 movable seats in the gymnasium. It can host CBA, volleyball, large-scale concerts, art exhibitions and other events. The daily training hall of the gymnasium covers an area of 3262m2. Three different layout modes can be set according to the needs of use. One is to set up 12 badminton courts; the second is to set up 3 basketball courts; the third is a mixed layout setting (basketball court, badminton court, table tennis). The stadium includes a standard natural grass football field for 11 people and a 400-meter standard track and field plastic track, which can be used for track and field teaching, training, and mass sports activities. The stadium stands have 2364 fixed seats. The rooftop park and grille corridor make full use of the rooftop space and fully cover the greenery to create a rooftop park in the form of sports + park, forming a unique leisure aerial corridor. The rooftop park is equipped with children's play facilities and fitness trails. The grille corridor on the first floor is connected with the rooftop park, providing a fitness and leisure venue for different groups of sports enthusiasts and the general public, meeting the daily cultural and sports activities needs of citizens."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4102/4102616/11145354.png"
    title="Longhua Cultural and Sports Center"
    description="As a district-level comprehensive sports center, Longhua Sports Center is the largest sports venue in Longhua District. It is equipped to host various high-level events at home and abroad. In the future, it will be built into a beautiful sports business card for Longhua District's external service window. The second floor of the gymnasium is a comprehensive competition venue with an area of 1938 square meters. There are 5360 fixed seats and 1118 movable seats in the gymnasium. It can host CBA, volleyball, large-scale concerts, art exhibitions and other events. The daily training hall of the gymnasium covers an area of 3262m2. Three different layout modes can be set according to the needs of use. One is to set up 12 badminton courts; the second is to set up 3 basketball courts; the third is a mixed layout setting (basketball court, badminton court, table tennis). The stadium includes a standard natural grass football field for 11 people and a 400-meter standard track and field plastic track, which can be used for track and field teaching, training, and mass sports activities. The stadium stands have 2364 fixed seats. The rooftop park and grille corridor make full use of the rooftop space and fully cover the greenery to create a rooftop park in the form of sports + park, forming a unique leisure aerial corridor. The rooftop park is equipped with children's play facilities and fitness trails. The grille corridor on the first floor is connected with the rooftop park, providing a fitness and leisure venue for different groups of sports enthusiasts and the general public, meeting the daily cultural and sports activities needs of citizens."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Buses B730, M202, M391, M554, M540, 302, M393

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108454/11169238.jpg"
        title="Kwai Chung Secondary School Sports Hall"
        description="Kwai Chung Middle School was founded in 1969. It has accumulated a profound educational and cultural heritage and achieved fruitful results in running schools. It has won many honorary titles such as 'Shenzhen School Efficiency Award', 'Shenzhen Education Advanced Unit', 'Good School for Citizens', and 'National Youth Campus Football Specialty School'. It enjoys the reputation of 'the flower of eastern education' in the society. The school campus environment is beautiful and the hardware facilities are complete. The unique campus buildings and the green flowers and trees complement each other, and the intoxicating fragrance everywhere makes people feel relaxed and happy. The inspirational garden, the truth-seeking stone, the concept wall, the Xingzhi corridor, the Eight Elegant Corridor, the open reading room and the school history wall are scattered in every corner of the campus. Each attraction has a silent educational effect and enriches the spiritual world of students. The 400m standard sports field and the independent science and art building provide sufficient places for students to carry out sports and second-class activities. There are few junior high schools in Shenzhen that can meet such conditions. The school has a strong faculty. The current principal, Comrade Wang Jianjun, is a famous principal selected by Dapeng New District from the whole city. As a student of the first national backbone principal training class of the Central Party School, he has rich experience in education and teaching management and excellent school management ability. Under his leadership, all the faculty and staff of the school work together, strive for truth, strive for the first place, take the achievement of students as their responsibility, devote themselves to educating people, and make selfless contributions. In recent years, the teachers of the school have stood out in various competitions. In the 2016 Dapeng New District Junior High School Teachers' Skills Competition, they won 10 first places in 13 subject competitions; in the 2018 Dapeng New District Junior High School Teachers' Skills Competition, they won 5 first places in 8 subject competitions. 12 teachers of the school have won honors at the municipal level or above. For schools located in the remote eastern part of Shenzhen, every honor at the municipal level or above is condensed with hard sweat and unremitting persistence."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Dalang-Sports-Park/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108454/11169238.jpg"
        title="Kwai Chung Secondary School Sports Hall"
        description="Kwai Chung Middle School was founded in 1969. It has accumulated a profound educational and cultural heritage and achieved fruitful results in running schools. It has won many honorary titles such as 'Shenzhen School Efficiency Award', 'Shenzhen Education Advanced Unit', 'Good School for Citizens', and 'National Youth Campus Football Specialty School'. It enjoys the reputation of 'the flower of eastern education' in the society. The school campus environment is beautiful and the hardware facilities are complete. The unique campus buildings and the green flowers and trees complement each other, and the intoxicating fragrance everywhere makes people feel relaxed and happy. The inspirational garden, the truth-seeking stone, the concept wall, the Xingzhi corridor, the Eight Elegant Corridor, the open reading room and the school history wall are scattered in every corner of the campus. Each attraction has a silent educational effect and enriches the spiritual world of students. The 400m standard sports field and the independent science and art building provide sufficient places for students to carry out sports and second-class activities. There are few junior high schools in Shenzhen that can meet such conditions. The school has a strong faculty. The current principal, Comrade Wang Jianjun, is a famous principal selected by Dapeng New District from the whole city. As a student of the first national backbone principal training class of the Central Party School, he has rich experience in education and teaching management and excellent school management ability. Under his leadership, all the faculty and staff of the school work together, strive for truth, strive for the first place, take the achievement of students as their responsibility, devote themselves to educating people, and make selfless contributions. In recent years, the teachers of the school have stood out in various competitions. In the 2016 Dapeng New District Junior High School Teachers' Skills Competition, they won 10 first places in 13 subject competitions; in the 2018 Dapeng New District Junior High School Teachers' Skills Competition, they won 5 first places in 8 subject competitions. 12 teachers of the school have won honors at the municipal level or above. For schools located in the remote eastern part of Shenzhen, every honor at the municipal level or above is condensed with hard sweat and unremitting persistence."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Sports-Center/Dalang-Sports-Park/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                 | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | http://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/tycg/content/post_11145354.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

