---
title: Shenzhen Wutong Mountain Scenic Area
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/Scenic-HistoricAreas/Shenzhen-Wutong-Mountain-Scenic-Area/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005927/10775158.jpg',
                title: 'Shenzhen Wutong Mountain Scenic Area',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005927/10775158.jpg',
                title: 'Shenzhen Wutong Mountain Scenic Area',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Luohu District
- Park Category: Scenic spots
- Park Tags: Climb high to see the unique flower scenery and enjoy the water
- Detailed Address: No. 2076, Luosha Road, Luohu District, Shenzhen, Guangdong
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-25708918
- Park Introduction: Wutong Mountain Scenic Area was established in 1989, was rated as a provincial scenic area in 1993, and was listed as a national scenic area by the State Council in 2009. It is a rare urban scenic natural scenic area in China located in the urban area, with coastal mountains and natural vegetation as the main landscape. The scenic area is located in the central area of Shenzhen, with a total area of 42.04 square kilometers. It is located in the central area of Shenzhen, spanning the three districts of Luohu, Yantian and Longgang. It starts from Shatoujian and Yantian Industrial Zone in the east, faces Dapeng Bay in the South China Sea in the south, is connected to the New Territories Mountains in Hong Kong, and is connected to streams. It extends to Buxin Mountain in the west and is connected to Wutongshan Village and Dawang Village in the north. It has a unique geographical location. Wutong Mountain has a long history and is well-known. As early as the first year of Wanli in the Ming Dynasty, the"Wuling Tianchi" in the scenic area was hailed as one of the Eight Scenic Spots of Xin'an. In 2004,"Wutong Smoke and Clouds" was named one of the new eight scenic spots in Shenzhen for its unpredictable and mysterious scene, and"Taishanjian" was deeply rooted in the hearts of the people with its unique charm of winding paths. In 2021, the scenic spot was named one of the top ten 'Guangdong Photography Destinations" of the year. The lush Wutong Mountain gradually rises from west to east, with three main peaks, namely Xiao Wutong, Doufutou, and Da Wutong, known as the"Three Peaks of Beauty" in history. Da Wutong is 943.7 meters above sea level and is the highest peak in Shenzhen. It can overlook the urban area of Shenzhen and face the Great Fog Mountain in Hong Kong across the sea. The forest coverage rate of Wutong Mountain is 88.6%, and the vast vegetation constitutes an important ecological barrier in Shenzhen. It is figuratively described as the"lungs of Shenzhen" and is the essence of Shenzhen's zonal secondary forest. Wutong Mountain is rich in animal and plant resources. It is Shenzhen's natural museum and natural animal and plant gene bank. There are about 1,419 species of wild vascular plants from 240 families, including common Castanopsis, Machilus zeylanicum, Michelia sempervirens, Rhododendron pubescens, etc., as well as rare and endangered species such as Alsophila spinulosa, Metasequoia gracile, White cinnamon, Aquilaria sinensis, and Amygdalae; there are about 231 species of terrestrial vertebrates from 70 families, including common wild boars, leopard cats, macaques, etc. In recent years, two new species, Liu"s palm-protruding toad and Guangdong neck-grooved snake, have been discovered; there are more than 10,000 species of insects, with more than 4,000 species of butterflies and moths alone. The vegetation types in the mountains are complex and diverse, with subtropical monsoon forests, mountain evergreen broad-leaved forests, mountaintop dwarf forests and mountaintop shrubs distributed from bottom to top. With the change of seasons, some characteristic plants have formed advantages in some areas, presenting a shocking sea of flowers, attracting countless citizens and tourists to come and watch. The azalea blooms in March and April every year, especially the only alpine azalea in Shenzhen, the Rhododendron mossop, which blooms in profusion in the area from Xiaowutong to Wanhuaping, which is a rare plant landscape in Shenzhen. The scenic area has both gorgeous natural landscapes and rich cultural landscapes, including eight major scenic spots such as Fenggu Mingqin, Wutong Yanyun, Biwu Qifeng, Donghu Park, Xianhu Botanical Garden, Buxinshan Country Park, Guangdong Wutongshan National Forest Park, and Xikeng Scenic Area, as well as the Shenzhen Reservoir. Among them, the main tourist areas of Wutong Mountain Scenic Area include Fenggu Mingqin, Wutong Yanyun, Xiantong Scenic Area and Xikeng Scenic Area (the closed-mountain afforestation area), which is a good place for Shenzhen citizens to climb high and look far and return to nature. Relying on the unique geographical location and unique ecological environment of the scenic area, Wutong Mountain Scenic Area founded Wutong Mountain Nature School in March 2016, creating an original"going out and bringing in" education model, advocating the"no trace forest" ecological protection concept, aiming to allow citizens and tourists to get close to nature, understand nature, and respect life and revere nature. The Nature School carries out more than 50 public welfare activities every year, with more than 10,000 people. At least 2 public welfare activities are carried out every month, including field guided tours, hand-made experiences, outdoor safety, bird watching, night viewing and other colorful activities. It is widely loved by citizens and has won social praise and recognition. In 2018, it was awarded the title of"Shenzhen Nature Education Center" by the Shenzhen Forest Creation Office, and in 2020, it was awarded the titles of"Shenzhen Nature School" and"Shenzhen Environmental Education Center" by the Ecological Environment Bureau. In 2021, it was selected as the Guangdong Province Nature Education Base. Citizens can follow the"Wutong Mountain Scenic Area" WeChat official account and sign up for free nature education activities. Wutong Mountain, a dazzling"emerald" inlaid on the map of Shenzhen! Cultural Activities The main tourist area of Wutong Mountain Scenic Area, the Rhododendron Festival in March every year and the Climbing Festival around the Double Ninth Festival every year have become cultural events in the hearts of Shenzhen citizens, and the natural education activities held every month are also deeply loved by citizens who love nature.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-19:00

:::

## Tour Route
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1334/1334472/10775158.jpg"
title="Shenzhen Wutong Mountain Scenic Area游玩路径图"
description="游玩路径示意图"
/>



## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Shenzhen Wutong Mountain Scenic Area
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Shenzhen Wutong Mountain Scenic Area"
    description="North Gate Archway: Located in Fenggu Mingqin Scenic Area at the northern foot of Wutong Mountain Scenic Area. The North Gate granite archway was officially completed in October 2007. The North Gate is a five-bay Lingnan style stone archway, 14.83 meters high and 23.35 meters wide. The gate has two rows of columns in depth and a single span on the side. The plane looks like a phoenix spreading its wings. Chinese traditional culture has always associated phoenixes with phoenixes to symbolize auspiciousness. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Shenzhen Wutong Mountain Scenic Area"
    description="North Gate Archway: Located in Fenggu Mingqin Scenic Area at the northern foot of Wutong Mountain Scenic Area. The North Gate granite archway was officially completed in October 2007. The North Gate is a five-bay Lingnan style stone archway, 14.83 meters high and 23.35 meters wide. The gate has two rows of columns in depth and a single span on the side. The plane looks like a phoenix spreading its wings. Chinese traditional culture has always associated phoenixes with phoenixes to symbolize auspiciousness."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005664/10774639.jpg"
        title="Buxinshan Park"
        description="Buxinshan Park is located at the administrative junction of Luohu District and L"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Buxinshan Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005664/10774639.jpg"
        title="Buxinshan Park"
        description="Buxinshan Park is located at the administrative junction of Luohu District and L"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Buxinshan Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/zrgy/content/post_10775158.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

