---
title: He Xiangning Art Museum
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Art-Gallery/He-Xiangning-Art-Museum/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.szartm.com/open/images/gkbg.png',
                title: 'He Xiangning Art Museum',
                description: ' On May 13, 1995, the He Xiangning Art Museum was approved by the Central Committee to be built in S...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.szartm.com/open/images/gkbg.png',
                title: 'He Xiangning Art Museum',
                description: ' On May 13, 1995, the He Xiangning Art Museum was approved by the Central Committee to be built in S...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Nanshan District
- Park Category: Art Gallery
- Recommendation Index: To be updated
- Detailed Address: No. 9013, Shennan Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
 On May 13, 1995, the He Xiangning Art Museum was approved by the Central Committee to be built in Shenzhen, and was completed and opened on April 18, 1997. Jiang Zemin, then General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, wrote the name of the museum. It is the first national art museum in China named after an individual. It is now a public welfare first-class institution directly under the Central United Front Work Department, adhering to the tenet of "establishing a museum with characteristics and academic priority" and the development direction of "focusing on He Xiangning research, paying attention to female art, promoting traditional culture, being inclusive and facing the future".

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Tuesday to Sunday 9:30-17:00 (No admission after 16:30) Closed on Monday (except holidays, special circumstances will be notified on this website)
- Forest Area Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab He Xiangning Art Museum
<ImageCard
image="https://www.szartm.com/open/images/gkbg.png"
    title="He Xiangning Art Museum"
    description=" On May 13, 1995, the He Xiangning Art Museum was approved by the Central Committee to be built in Shenzhen, and was completed and opened on April 18, 1997. Jiang Zemin, then General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, wrote the name of the museum. It is the first national art museum in China named after an individual. It is now a public welfare first-class institution directly under the Central United Front Work Department, adhering to the tenet of 'establishing a museum with characteristics and academic priority' and the development direction of 'focusing on He Xiangning research, paying attention to female art, promoting traditional culture, being inclusive and facing the future'."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.szartm.com/open/images/gkbg.png"
    title="He Xiangning Art Museum"
    description=" On May 13, 1995, the He Xiangning Art Museum was approved by the Central Committee to be built in Shenzhen, and was completed and opened on April 18, 1997. Jiang Zemin, then General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee, wrote the name of the museum. It is the first national art museum in China named after an individual. It is now a public welfare first-class institution directly under the Central United Front Work Department, adhering to the tenet of 'establishing a museum with characteristics and academic priority' and the development direction of 'focusing on He Xiangning research, paying attention to female art, promoting traditional culture, being inclusive and facing the future'."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Subway: Subway Line 1 Bus: Bus No. 21; Bus No. 26; Bus No. 101; Bus No. 113; Bus No. 222; Bus No. 223; Bus No. 369; Bus No. M487; Bus No. N4; Bus No. N6; Peak Express Bus No. 3

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.szartm.com/open/images/gkbg.png"
        title="Shenzhen Art Academy Art Museum"
        description="To be updated"
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Art-Gallery/Shenzhen-University-Art-Museum/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.szartm.com/open/images/gkbg.png"
        title="Shenzhen Art Academy Art Museum"
        description="To be updated"
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Art-Gallery/Shenzhen-University-Art-Museum/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                 | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | http://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11131257.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

