---
title: Phoenix Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Phoenix-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005914/10775138.jpg',
                title: 'Phoenix Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005914/10775138.jpg',
                title: 'Phoenix Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Guangming District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Children's play area with unique flower scenery
- Detailed Address: Building 5, East Ketai Road, Guangming District, Shenzhen, Guangdong
- Inquiry Phone: 13725450430

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
 Phoenix Park is located in the Bi'an and Phoenix communities of Guangming Phoenix City, covering an area of 122,600 square meters. It is adjacent to the main road Guanguang Road in the north and Guangming Foreign Language School and Hongao Affordable Housing Residential Community in the south. It is the node of the Guangming Green Ring (east side) Smart Guangming Vitality Corridor and an important extension of the Dadingling Greenway. The park has built pedestrian landscape bridges, parking lots, children's playgrounds, public toilets, mountain trails, viewing points and other facilities.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-20:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Phoenix Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Phoenix Park"
    description="(1) Pedestrian Landscape Overpass: Connecting Dadingling Greenway and Phoenix Park, the total span of the bridge is 184 meters, of which the largest single span is 48 meters, and one span crosses the sightseeing road, creating a good visual effect. The completion of the overpass has achieved a seamless connection between Xincheng Park, Greenway, and Phoenix Park. The overpass adopts a steel box girder structure, with smooth, simple, light lines, and beautiful and comfortable shape. The ceiling is a'human' shaped variable cross-section, made of polycarbonate sunlight board material, which has great modeling tension. The ceiling material is translucent, which can ensure that the sunlight is softly sprinkled on the bridge surface and has a good sunshade effect. The lighting adopts environmentally friendly and energy-saving LED lamps, with the outer side of the lower bridge bottom as a line and the internal ceiling of the overpass as a surface, forming a three-dimensional night lighting environment, highlighting the characteristics of the overpass. When the bridge handles a large height difference, a circular ramp is used to avoid setting steps, providing convenience for cycling. (2) Children's Playground: Covering an area of more than 1,200 square meters, the site uses cast-in-place colored non-slip and wear-resistant EPDM rubber with vivid and interesting rubber patterns. There are many sets of high-quality children's play facilities in the site, mainly including climbing nets, climbing walls, slides, swings and other new non-powered play facilities. (3) Phoenix Flower Sea: Planting more than 20 varieties of flowers and landscape plants, it is a four-season theme flower display landscape garden mainly for ornamental grass flowers, woody flowers, landscape plants and popular science promotion. (4) Mountaintop Observation Deck: On the basis of not destroying the original litchi forest, the site height difference is used to set up a mountain forest stone path hiking trail for people to exercise. A mountain rest platform is set up at the relatively flat part of the mountain to provide visitors with a quiet place for communication. Even in midsummer, visitors can feel the natural artistic conception of wildness in the mountains and forests under the dense forest."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Phoenix Park"
    description="(1) Pedestrian Landscape Overpass: Connecting Dadingling Greenway and Phoenix Park, the total span of the bridge is 184 meters, of which the largest single span is 48 meters, and one span crosses the sightseeing road, creating a good visual effect. The completion of the overpass has achieved a seamless connection between Xincheng Park, Greenway, and Phoenix Park. The overpass adopts a steel box girder structure, with smooth, simple, light lines, and beautiful and comfortable shape. The ceiling is a'human' shaped variable cross-section, made of polycarbonate sunlight board material, which has great modeling tension. The ceiling material is translucent, which can ensure that the sunlight is softly sprinkled on the bridge surface and has a good sunshade effect. The lighting adopts environmentally friendly and energy-saving LED lamps, with the outer side of the lower bridge bottom as a line and the internal ceiling of the overpass as a surface, forming a three-dimensional night lighting environment, highlighting the characteristics of the overpass. When the bridge handles a large height difference, a circular ramp is used to avoid setting steps, providing convenience for cycling. (2) Children's Playground: Covering an area of more than 1,200 square meters, the site uses cast-in-place colored non-slip and wear-resistant EPDM rubber with vivid and interesting rubber patterns. There are many sets of high-quality children's play facilities in the site, mainly including climbing nets, climbing walls, slides, swings and other new non-powered play facilities. (3) Phoenix Flower Sea: Planting more than 20 varieties of flowers and landscape plants, it is a four-season theme flower display landscape garden mainly for ornamental grass flowers, woody flowers, landscape plants and popular science promotion. (4) Mountaintop Observation Deck: On the basis of not destroying the original litchi forest, the site height difference is used to set up a mountain forest stone path hiking trail for people to exercise. A mountain rest platform is set up at the relatively flat part of the mountain to provide visitors with a quiet place for communication. Even in midsummer, visitors can feel the natural artistic conception of wildness in the mountains and forests under the dense forest."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official media and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005915/10775141.png"
        title="Pingshan Children's Park"
        description="Pingshan District Children's Park was officially opened on May 31, 2022. It is located in the southeast of the intersection of Tongyu Road and Wong Chuk Hang Ro"
        href="/en/SpecializedPark/ChildrenPark/Pingshan-Children's-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005915/10775141.png"
        title="Pingshan Children's Park"
        description="Pingshan District Children's Park was officially opened on May 31, 2022. It is located in the southeast of the intersection of Tongyu Road and Wong Chuk Hang Ro"
        href="/en/SpecializedPark/ChildrenPark/Pingshan-Children's-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10775138.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

