---
title: Honghuashan Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Honghuashan-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005859/10775005.jpg',
                title: 'Honghuashan Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005859/10775005.jpg',
                title: 'Honghuashan Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Guangming District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Children's play and sports tent area with a panoramic view
- Detailed Address: No. 88, Zhenming Road, Gongming Street, Guangming District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 18129879230
- Park Introduction: Honghuashan Park is located in Gongming Street, Guangming District, Shenzhen, close to Gongming Street Office and Gongming Middle School. The park is connected by a high and a low ridge, and two leisure pavilions of different sizes are built on the top of the two hills. Climbing the 100-meter-high Honghua Mountain and looking far into the distance, the buildings, trees, flowers and plants shade each other. The park has built a barrier-free mountaineering passage according to the mountain; added a"round sky and square earth" characteristic waterscape at the south entrance, retained the largest palm forest in Shenzhen, and optimized the use of the space under the forest to form a cultural and health care venue. The children's activity area has set up a combination of equipment suitable for all ages and activity needs, and uses high-quality children's activity facilities. The park has also built a lychee forest and created a popular check-in point - a 30,000-square-meter pink muhly grass flower sea. The overall landscape is beautiful, the functional zoning is reasonable, and the convenience service facilities such as vending machines are complete. During holidays, the average daily flow of people reaches more than 10,000 people, providing fitness venues, recreation, parent-child and other diversified leisure services for surrounding residents, bringing great convenience to residents" lives.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 5:00-21:30

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Honghuashan Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Honghuashan Park"
    description="Minghe Pagoda: Minghe Pagoda is designed in the style of Song Dynasty pagodas, using antique building materials and traditional craftsmanship. The main body of the tower is a steel-concrete structure, and the exterior is a Song Dynasty brick-wood structure. The tower ladder is on the inner ring of the tower wall. The exterior color is mainly red, with a tall and beautiful shape and exquisite masonry. The tower body has eight sides and nine floors. The tower is 47 meters high. The tower body consists of three parts: the tower core, the outer wall, and the corridor. The eaves of the tower decrease inward layer by layer, with clear layers and obvious contours. Diamond patterns, cloud patterns, and lotus patterns can be seen everywhere on the walls and beams. A bronze bell is hung on the beam head of each eave of the tower. The bronze bell has the words'Minghe'. On the eaves of the first floor, there are squatting pottery mythical beasts of various shapes, which are meant to ward off disasters and bring blessings."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Honghuashan Park"
    description="Minghe Pagoda: Minghe Pagoda is designed in the style of Song Dynasty pagodas, using antique building materials and traditional craftsmanship. The main body of the tower is a steel-concrete structure, and the exterior is a Song Dynasty brick-wood structure. The tower ladder is on the inner ring of the tower wall. The exterior color is mainly red, with a tall and beautiful shape and exquisite masonry. The tower body has eight sides and nine floors. The tower is 47 meters high. The tower body consists of three parts: the tower core, the outer wall, and the corridor. The eaves of the tower decrease inward layer by layer, with clear layers and obvious contours. Diamond patterns, cloud patterns, and lotus patterns can be seen everywhere on the walls and beams. A bronze bell is hung on the beam head of each eave of the tower. The bronze bell has the words'Minghe'. On the eaves of the first floor, there are squatting pottery mythical beasts of various shapes, which are meant to ward off disasters and bring blessings."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 300 meters from Honghuashan Subway Station - Exit C, about 5 minutes" walk

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005861/10775010.jpg"
        title="Kaiming Park"
        description="Kaiming Park is a comprehensive park established in 2018. The park is located in the area surrounded by Guanguang Road, Longda Expressway and Dongkengshui, serv"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Kaiming Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005861/10775010.jpg"
        title="Kaiming Park"
        description="Kaiming Park is a comprehensive park established in 2018. The park is located in the area surrounded by Guanguang Road, Longda Expressway and Dongkengshui, serv"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Kaiming Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10775005.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

