---
title: Shek Wai Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Shiwei-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005862/10775011.jpg',
                title: 'Shek Wai Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005862/10775011.jpg',
                title: 'Shek Wai Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Guangming District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Wetland Landscape Water Recreation Sports Tent Area
- Detailed Address: About 140 meters northwest of Yinhuazhi Industrial Park, Shuiku Road, Guangming District
- Inquiry Phone: 18938978399
- Park Introduction: Shiwei Park is located in Matan Street, Guangming District. The park covers an area of about 230,000 square meters. It is a comprehensive urban forest park integrating leisure, entertainment, fitness and cultural experience. The park is laid out as three lakes and five districts: the three lakes are Qiaohu, Tinghu and Xihu, which are transformed into lake and wetland landscapes through ecological revetments; the five districts are the lakeside tourist area, sparse forest and grass area, sports and fitness area, mountain leisure area and wetland experience area. Shiwei Park is planted with many ornamental plants such as flame wood, Guangzhou cherry, white magnolia, red fruit holly, hackberry, black cypress, cherry kapok, big leaf terminalia, autumn maple, royal pink bauhinia, jacaranda, guava, red flower barren, big leaf crape myrtle, pond cypress, metasequoia, camphor, osmanthus, red leaf plum, frangipani, bayberry, etc.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-22:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Shek Wai Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Shek Wai Park"
    description="(1) Waterfront features: A 650-meter-long elevated walkway along the lake, the Jade Belt Bridge, is built around 128,000 square meters of water. (2) The lakeside tourist area is located in the northeastern part of the park. It is divided into two parts by Shuanghu Road (Qiaohu Lake and Tinghu Lake). Along the lake, you will pass by the Jade Belt Bridge, Camphor Tree Square, Lake West Road, Coconut Wind Terrace, Osmanthus Tree Square, Moonlight Gallery, Wind Bell Grassland, Coconut Forest Road, Crape Myrtle Trail, Lake East Road and other scenic spots and the North Parking Lot. Strolling along the lake, you will see six major scenic spots: Jade Belt Lying on the Waves, Lychee Forest Smells Osmanthus, Ancestral Hall Reflects the Moon, Fragrant Grass and Red Cherry Blossoms, Greenery Flows, and Deep Fir Hidden Banana. (3) The sparse forest and grass area is located in the northwest part of the park. It is located in the northwest part of the park. It forms a narrow green landscape belt from north to south. From Camphor Tree Square to the south, you can pass through the Half Moon Gallery, Blue Flower Trail, Lychee Forest Trail, Management Center, Holly Road, Osmanthus Trail, and Osmanthus Square. Greenways such as Phoenix Trail, Phoenix Terrace, Carambola Trail, and Kapok Road lead to Pu Shu Square. Along the way, there are Half Moon Corridor, Osmanthus Moon Corridor, and First Moon Corridor for visitors to rest. (4) The sports and fitness area is located in the core area of the park. The Cherry Blossom Trail, Bauhinia Trail, and Jade Core Trail are connected to the football field, basketball court, tennis court, amusement park, children's playground, public toilets, locker rooms, and the west parking lot. (5) The mountain leisure area is located in the southwest area of the park. Climb to the top of the mountain through the Bayberry Trail, Magnolia Trail, and Purple Bamboo Trail, and visit Nanshu Square, Full Moon Corridor, Six-sided Well, Lotus Pond Fish Viewing, Purple Bamboo Terrace, and other scenic spots through the Wind Bell Trail and Autumn Maple Trail. You can take in the beautiful scenery of the park from a distance. The Diecui River meanders down, the terraced flower sea is located on the mountainside, the wind bell grass lies at the foot of the mountain, and the Banyan Tree Square is telling the old story of Shiwei. (6) The wetland experience area is located in the southwest area of the park. The Metasequoia Path, the Chinese Redwood Path and the Autumn Moon Bridge are located between the creek and the lake. The Rainbow Tree Square, the Banyan Tree Square, the East Parking Lot, the South Parking Lot and the public restrooms are located along the creek and the lake. The wetland style fully displays the beauty of the creek and the lake."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Shek Wai Park"
    description="(1) Waterfront features: A 650-meter-long elevated walkway along the lake, the Jade Belt Bridge, is built around 128,000 square meters of water. (2) The lakeside tourist area is located in the northeastern part of the park. It is divided into two parts by Shuanghu Road (Qiaohu Lake and Tinghu Lake). Along the lake, you will pass by the Jade Belt Bridge, Camphor Tree Square, Lake West Road, Coconut Wind Terrace, Osmanthus Tree Square, Moonlight Gallery, Wind Bell Grassland, Coconut Forest Road, Crape Myrtle Trail, Lake East Road and other scenic spots and the North Parking Lot. Strolling along the lake, you will see six major scenic spots: Jade Belt Lying on the Waves, Lychee Forest Smells Osmanthus, Ancestral Hall Reflects the Moon, Fragrant Grass and Red Cherry Blossoms, Greenery Flows, and Deep Fir Hidden Banana. (3) The sparse forest and grass area is located in the northwest part of the park. It is located in the northwest part of the park. It forms a narrow green landscape belt from north to south. From Camphor Tree Square to the south, you can pass through the Half Moon Gallery, Blue Flower Trail, Lychee Forest Trail, Management Center, Holly Road, Osmanthus Trail, and Osmanthus Square. Greenways such as Phoenix Trail, Phoenix Terrace, Carambola Trail, and Kapok Road lead to Pu Shu Square. Along the way, there are Half Moon Corridor, Osmanthus Moon Corridor, and First Moon Corridor for visitors to rest. (4) The sports and fitness area is located in the core area of the park. The Cherry Blossom Trail, Bauhinia Trail, and Jade Core Trail are connected to the football field, basketball court, tennis court, amusement park, children's playground, public toilets, locker rooms, and the west parking lot. (5) The mountain leisure area is located in the southwest area of the park. Climb to the top of the mountain through the Bayberry Trail, Magnolia Trail, and Purple Bamboo Trail, and visit Nanshu Square, Full Moon Corridor, Six-sided Well, Lotus Pond Fish Viewing, Purple Bamboo Terrace, and other scenic spots through the Wind Bell Trail and Autumn Maple Trail. You can take in the beautiful scenery of the park from a distance. The Diecui River meanders down, the terraced flower sea is located on the mountainside, the wind bell grass lies at the foot of the mountain, and the Banyan Tree Square is telling the old story of Shiwei. (6) The wetland experience area is located in the southwest area of the park. The Metasequoia Path, the Chinese Redwood Path and the Autumn Moon Bridge are located between the creek and the lake. The Rainbow Tree Square, the Banyan Tree Square, the East Parking Lot, the South Parking Lot and the public restrooms are located along the creek and the lake. The wetland style fully displays the beauty of the creek and the lake."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005863/10775012.png"
        title="New Town Park"
        description="New Town Park was completed in July 2011. It is located on the west side of Guangqiao Road, Guangming Office, Guangming District, with Huaxia Road to the north "
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Xincheng Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005863/10775012.png"
        title="New Town Park"
        description="New Town Park was completed in July 2011. It is located on the west side of Guangqiao Road, Guangming Office, Guangming District, with Huaxia Road to the north "
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Xincheng Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10775011.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

