---
title: Baicao Garden
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Baicao-Garden/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005909/10775128.png',
                title: 'Baicao Garden',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005909/10775128.png',
                title: 'Baicao Garden',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Guangming District
- Park Category: City Park
- Detailed Address: The intersection of Guangbu Road and Changzhen Road, Fenghuang Subdistrict
- Inquiry Phone: 15919707558
- Park Introduction: Baicaoyuan Park in Guangming District, Shenzhen is located at the north end of the Chinese Medicine Hospital, covering an area of about 240,000 square meters. More than 100 kinds of precious Chinese herbal medicines are planted on a large scale in the terraces of the park, so it is named Baicaoyuan. It was officially opened to the public on May 20, 2022. It is a living and ecological park. Among them, a large area of farmland in the park is planted with sweet potato leaves. Scarecrows and wooden harvesters stand in the park, reflecting the unique rural art of farmland. There is a leisure trail in the park. There are lychee trees above the trail. On the trail surrounded by greenery and grass fragrance, people can"t help but recall childhood memories. At the end of the trail, there is a long winding corridor, called the Mingfang Medicine Corridor, which is located at the highest point in the mountains and records various popular science knowledge of medicinal materials. Baicaoyuan Park has beautiful scenery and pleasant environment. It is a health and leisure park where you can experience the culture of Chinese herbal medicine and learn about the popular science knowledge of Chinese herbal medicine during the journey.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-22:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Baicao Garden
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Baicao Garden"
    description="The park's 'Baicaoxin Square'  and 'Qihuang Square' are the two most visited scenic spots, becoming the exclusive check-in spots for tourists. Transparent cylinders stand on the irregular grass of Baicaoxin Square. When night falls, Baicaoxin presents a new look, with dazzling lights against the dusk, full of modernity. Qihuang Square stands a Baicao Ten Scenes Wall, which depicts the appearance and efficacy of various Chinese herbal medicines, allowing tourists to relax and learn more. The 100-meter Qingzhu Lane behind the wall is quaint and is an excellent place to rest and recuperate."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Baicao Garden"
    description="The park's 'Baicaoxin Square'  and 'Qihuang Square' are the two most visited scenic spots, becoming the exclusive check-in spots for tourists. Transparent cylinders stand on the irregular grass of Baicaoxin Square. When night falls, Baicaoxin presents a new look, with dazzling lights against the dusk, full of modernity. Qihuang Square stands a Baicao Ten Scenes Wall, which depicts the appearance and efficacy of various Chinese herbal medicines, allowing tourists to relax and learn more. The 100-meter Qingzhu Lane behind the wall is quaint and is an excellent place to rest and recuperate."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005914/10775138.jpg"
        title="Phoenix Park"
        description="Phoenix Park is located in the Bi'an and Phoenix communities of Guangming Phoenix City, covering an area of 122,600 square meters. It is adjacent to the main ro"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Phoenix-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005914/10775138.jpg"
        title="Phoenix Park"
        description="Phoenix Park is located in the Bi'an and Phoenix communities of Guangming Phoenix City, covering an area of 122,600 square meters. It is adjacent to the main ro"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Phoenix-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10775128.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

