---
title: Hongqiao Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Hongqiao-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1334/1334244/10775009.jpg',
                title: 'Hongqiao Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1334/1334244/10775009.jpg',
                title: 'Hongqiao Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Guangming District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Children's recreation and sports climbing and viewing special flower scenery
- Detailed Address: The intersection of Guangming Kelin Road and Chalin Road, Guangming District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 18138428752
- Park Introduction: Hongqiao Park in Guangming District is located in the eastern part of Guangming District, Shenzhen, at the intersection of Kelin Road and Chalin Road in Guangming Street. It starts from Xincheng Park in the west, connects to Marathon Mountain and Lake Greenway in the east, and faces Gongming Reservoir in the north, covering an area of about 410 hectares. There are 16 different forms of vertical transportation along the aerial trestle, which are connected to the ground park. On average, there is an entrance and exit every 200 meters, including vertical elevators, roof steps, circular ramps, spiral stairs, etc. Hongqiao Park consists of three areas, namely the entrance area, the Bihu area and the forest area from west to east. The three areas are connected by a red aerial trestle about 4,000 meters long. Hongqiao Park is known as the"Guangming Red Ribbon". Surrounded by green parks, the Hongqiao Bridge is about 4 kilometers long. It takes about 2 hours to walk the whole way back and forth. You will see different mountain and forest scenery along the way. You can also see golf courses along the way, which feels like walking in a natural oxygen bar. Entrance area: The entrance square mainly uses artistic terrazzo flooring, which serves as a link between the city and the forest, and is shaded by a series of green trees. Various flowering and foliage-viewing trees are planted in the surrounding green space. The Visitor Service Center covers an area of 548 square meters and extends from the Rainbow Bridge to the square. The roof of the Visitor Center is transformed into a large staircase, which has both transportation and viewing functions. Visitors can climb the stairs to the bridge. In the multi-functional sports field, a double-layer spiral staircase connects the Rainbow Bridge. Visitors can spiral up to enjoy 360° multi-angle views of various sports such as basketball, tennis, gateball, and volleyball. Bihu District: The Rainbow Bridge"floats into" the Bihu District. The Bihu District is centered on the Biyan Reservoir, and the fast and slow separated ring roads around the reservoir. The reservoir has a normal water level area of about 115,600 square meters, and the ring road is about 2,400 meters long and 6 meters wide. Surrounding the reservoir, there are five sports fields along the ring road (Phase II construction content). At the commanding height of Bihu District and the end of the Dadingling Greenway, two 35-meter-high sightseeing towers, a panoramic tower and a terminal tower, are set up for tourists to overlook the natural landscape of Bihu District and Dadingling, and the city skyline of Guangming Central District. Forest District: There are forest trails with a total length of about 5,400 meters in the forest district. Dirt roads and gravel roads are guided by signs, providing forest-loving tourists with a closer experience to nature. In addition to Hongqiao, you can also appreciate the magic and mystery of Dadingling in this original way.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Park area: 6:00-22:00, forest area: 6:00-19:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Hongqiao Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Hongqiao Park"
    description="The Hongqiao Bridge is 4 kilometers long, 5 meters wide, and 8 meters high on average. It is the second largest steel-structured single-column multi-curved landscape bridge in China. The overall color of the Hongqiao Bridge is Chinese red, and the bridge railings are painted with international aviation paint quality. The Hongqiao Bridge connects multiple theme spaces through creative transportation methods such as spiral stairs, sloping roofs, and modern landscape towers to create a multi-level landscape experience, forming a red ribbon that leads the city into the forest, interweaves vitality, and rides the green of the lake. The bridge winds around the mountain in the undulating mountains and natural terrain, and the slope of the bridge deck is always maintained at about 5%, so that tourists can easily walk across the Hongqiao Bridge."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Hongqiao Park"
    description="The Hongqiao Bridge is 4 kilometers long, 5 meters wide, and 8 meters high on average. It is the second largest steel-structured single-column multi-curved landscape bridge in China. The overall color of the Hongqiao Bridge is Chinese red, and the bridge railings are painted with international aviation paint quality. The Hongqiao Bridge connects multiple theme spaces through creative transportation methods such as spiral stairs, sloping roofs, and modern landscape towers to create a multi-level landscape experience, forming a red ribbon that leads the city into the forest, interweaves vitality, and rides the green of the lake. The bridge winds around the mountain in the undulating mountains and natural terrain, and the slope of the bridge deck is always maintained at about 5%, so that tourists can easily walk across the Hongqiao Bridge."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1334/1334451/10830421.png"
        title="Sanlian Country Park"
        description="Sanlian Country Park is located in Sanlian Community and Nanwanliaokeng Area of Jihua Street, Longgang District, spanning Jihua Street and Nanwan Street. The pa"
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/CountryPark/Sanlian-Country-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1334/1334451/10830421.png"
        title="Sanlian Country Park"
        description="Sanlian Country Park is located in Sanlian Community and Nanwanliaokeng Area of Jihua Street, Longgang District, spanning Jihua Street and Nanwan Street. The pa"
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/CountryPark/Sanlian-Country-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10775009.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

