---
title: Xili Ecological Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Xili-Ecological-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005699/10774688.jpg',
                title: 'Xili Ecological Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005699/10774688.jpg',
                title: 'Xili Ecological Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Nanshan District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Children's play area with special book bar
- Detailed Address: Southeast corner of the intersection of Tongdong Road and Dashiyi Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-26555616
- Park Introduction: The main part of Xili Ecological Park is located on Jigong Mountain on the east side of Nanguang Expressway and the west side of Dashi Road in Nanshan District. The total area is about 235,000 m², of which the mountain area is about 100,000 m², the agricultural area is about 2,500 m², and the greening and square are about 132,500 m². Xili Ecological Park is a municipal park that integrates ecology, leisure and health with the concept of preserving the original ecology, combining the original ecology and cultivated land. The park started construction on November 20, 2018, and was completed and opened to the public on May 1, 2020. It was awarded the"Excellent Project of Shenzhen City Environmental Quality Improvement Action". Xili Ecological Park is themed"Urban Green Lung + Social Living Room + Environmental Protection Classroom". Through the four major design strategies of distinctive natural landscape, friendly social space, forward-looking environmental protection concept and sustainable development, it constructs a natural, ecological and leisure urban mountain ecological park. The park has built a coffee bar, a lounge, a visitor service center (also a book bar), a garbage classification science experience hall and other venues, as well as 5 toilets (including a mother-and-child room), 2 parking lots, which can provide 100 parking spaces, litchi forests, leisure activity areas, hiking trails, landscape bridges, glass viewing platforms, children's playgrounds, nature education centers, ecological civilization corridors and other facilities. The natural countryside and urban space are perfectly integrated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Xili Ecological Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Xili Ecological Park"
    description="1. Huanqin Park This site is located at the main entrance area of Xili Ecological Park. An original lychee forest is preserved in front of the entrance square. Green jungle vegetation is introduced to present a natural and wild landscape. The directional pavement leads people into the park. The left side leads to the lychee ecological forest. Here, the grass is green and the trees are lush, and the winding paths lead to secluded places. Wandering in the forest path is refreshing; the right side leads to the tourist service center. Citizens can sit by the pool and enjoy the scenery while looking up at the modern ecological buildings, which makes people feel at home. 2. Cultural Garden This area is located on the north side of Xili Ecological Park and has a lower terrain and a gentle slope. It is adjacent to the surrounding communities and brings out the garden atmosphere with a modern and simple style. The Tai Chi Cultural Center is cleverly combined with the terrain, connecting the surrounding natural terrain to the greatest extent, and cleverly 'embedding' this building into the natural terrain, looming and showing, a perfect combination of humanities and natural ecology. 3. Sunshine Lawn Area The Sunshine Lawn Area is one of the few relatively flat areas in Xili Ecological Park. This is the center of the park in terms of height and level, and is the core activity space of the park. The glass viewing plank road at the top of the mountain is on the background of the lawn area, which naturally integrates the huge height difference facade into the lawn area. Visitors can sit on the lawn area and look down at the distant scenery, or they can be leisurely and chat. (IV) Children's Activity Area On the south side of the lawn of Xili Ecological Park is the Children's Adventure Park and Activity Venue. This is an activity park built using the topography and landforms. It has set up various game facilities with challenging obstacles and laid safety rubber mats. The area uses earth-tone and natural-style amusement equipment to provide a good leisure and entertainment experience for tourists of all ages. Children can also establish self-awareness and enhance confidence in participating in games and challenges. Farmland is set up in the surrounding area based on the current situation, reflecting the theme of natural symbiosis. The farmland with farmhouse style and the children's play area with mountain style complement each other and form a contrast, bringing freshness to the play space in the urban community. (V) Sky Plank Road (Creative Design) The glass plank road on the top of Xili Ecological Park is known as the'Mirror of the Sky'. It is about 30 meters long and has a maximum drop of 6 meters. It is like an exquisite crown worn on the top of the mountain, stripping off the ground of the mountain. It can not only protect the natural vegetation and landforms in the mountaintop area, but also provide a more open and relaxed walking experience. You can climb up and enjoy the city skyline, or feel the shock of the soul through the glass floor, and you can also enjoy the sunrise and sunset in the reflection of the glass floor and integrate into the charm of the city. Let tourists find an original living space in a fast-paced and high-density city like Shenzhen, and feel the romance and thrill of walking in the clouds. (VI) Leisure Lychee Forest (Regional Culture) Nanshan lychee is a famous specialty of Shenzhen. The Xili area where Xili Ecological Park is located is an important production area of Nanshan lychee. In the early stage of the design of the ecological park, the design team made it clear that the original lychee forest would be preserved, and a viewing and leisure platform was set up at the top of the lychee forest. Visitors can stand on the viewing platform and look down at the jungle, and appreciate the lychee forest from different angles.'Leisure Lychee Forest' is a major theme space of the park. The overall design strives to apply the concept of sponge city. The small paths under the forest are paved with permeable materials to maximize the absorption and utilization of rainwater. The green ecological lawn under the trees can block the strong sunlight while retaining air circulation. In midsummer, when tourists cross the lychee path and stroll through the park, they can feel the cool breeze, mottled sunlight, and swaying tree shadows, which is quite artistic. (VII) Garbage Classification Science Education Hall The Nanshan District Garbage Classification Science Education Hall in Xili Ecological Park is an environmental protection science education platform. Through the promotion of environmental protection knowledge and entertaining activities, it awakens citizens ' attention to natural ecology and their responsibility for environmental protection, and spreads the concept of green and environmentally friendly life to the public, guiding them to establish the awareness that 'everyone consciously protects the environment, so that there will be ecological green waters and green mountains'. Since its opening, it has received about tens of thousands of people from all walks of life and schools, becoming another highlight of the ecological park."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Xili Ecological Park"
    description="1. Huanqin Park This site is located at the main entrance area of Xili Ecological Park. An original lychee forest is preserved in front of the entrance square. Green jungle vegetation is introduced to present a natural and wild landscape. The directional pavement leads people into the park. The left side leads to the lychee ecological forest. Here, the grass is green and the trees are lush, and the winding paths lead to secluded places. Wandering in the forest path is refreshing; the right side leads to the tourist service center. Citizens can sit by the pool and enjoy the scenery while looking up at the modern ecological buildings, which makes people feel at home. 2. Cultural Garden This area is located on the north side of Xili Ecological Park and has a lower terrain and a gentle slope. It is adjacent to the surrounding communities and brings out the garden atmosphere with a modern and simple style. The Tai Chi Cultural Center is cleverly combined with the terrain, connecting the surrounding natural terrain to the greatest extent, and cleverly 'embedding' this building into the natural terrain, looming and showing, a perfect combination of humanities and natural ecology. 3. Sunshine Lawn Area The Sunshine Lawn Area is one of the few relatively flat areas in Xili Ecological Park. This is the center of the park in terms of height and level, and is the core activity space of the park. The glass viewing plank road at the top of the mountain is on the background of the lawn area, which naturally integrates the huge height difference facade into the lawn area. Visitors can sit on the lawn area and look down at the distant scenery, or they can be leisurely and chat. (IV) Children's Activity Area On the south side of the lawn of Xili Ecological Park is the Children's Adventure Park and Activity Venue. This is an activity park built using the topography and landforms. It has set up various game facilities with challenging obstacles and laid safety rubber mats. The area uses earth-tone and natural-style amusement equipment to provide a good leisure and entertainment experience for tourists of all ages. Children can also establish self-awareness and enhance confidence in participating in games and challenges. Farmland is set up in the surrounding area based on the current situation, reflecting the theme of natural symbiosis. The farmland with farmhouse style and the children's play area with mountain style complement each other and form a contrast, bringing freshness to the play space in the urban community. (V) Sky Plank Road (Creative Design) The glass plank road on the top of Xili Ecological Park is known as the'Mirror of the Sky'. It is about 30 meters long and has a maximum drop of 6 meters. It is like an exquisite crown worn on the top of the mountain, stripping off the ground of the mountain. It can not only protect the natural vegetation and landforms in the mountaintop area, but also provide a more open and relaxed walking experience. You can climb up and enjoy the city skyline, or feel the shock of the soul through the glass floor, and you can also enjoy the sunrise and sunset in the reflection of the glass floor and integrate into the charm of the city. Let tourists find an original living space in a fast-paced and high-density city like Shenzhen, and feel the romance and thrill of walking in the clouds. (VI) Leisure Lychee Forest (Regional Culture) Nanshan lychee is a famous specialty of Shenzhen. The Xili area where Xili Ecological Park is located is an important production area of Nanshan lychee. In the early stage of the design of the ecological park, the design team made it clear that the original lychee forest would be preserved, and a viewing and leisure platform was set up at the top of the lychee forest. Visitors can stand on the viewing platform and look down at the jungle, and appreciate the lychee forest from different angles.'Leisure Lychee Forest' is a major theme space of the park. The overall design strives to apply the concept of sponge city. The small paths under the forest are paved with permeable materials to maximize the absorption and utilization of rainwater. The green ecological lawn under the trees can block the strong sunlight while retaining air circulation. In midsummer, when tourists cross the lychee path and stroll through the park, they can feel the cool breeze, mottled sunlight, and swaying tree shadows, which is quite artistic. (VII) Garbage Classification Science Education Hall The Nanshan District Garbage Classification Science Education Hall in Xili Ecological Park is an environmental protection science education platform. Through the promotion of environmental protection knowledge and entertaining activities, it awakens citizens ' attention to natural ecology and their responsibility for environmental protection, and spreads the concept of green and environmentally friendly life to the public, guiding them to establish the awareness that 'everyone consciously protects the environment, so that there will be ecological green waters and green mountains'. Since its opening, it has received about tens of thousands of people from all walks of life and schools, becoming another highlight of the ecological park."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005701/10774691.jpg"
        title="Xiaonanshan Park"
        description="Xiaonanshan Park was completed in August 2011. It is located at the southern end of Nantou Peninsula and is surrounded by Xinghai Avenue, Yueliangwan Avenue and"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Xiaonanshan Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005701/10774691.jpg"
        title="Xiaonanshan Park"
        description="Xiaonanshan Park was completed in August 2011. It is located at the southern end of Nantou Peninsula and is surrounded by Xinghai Avenue, Yueliangwan Avenue and"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Xiaonanshan Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10774688.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

