---
title: Zhongshan Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Zhongshan-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005967/10775294.jpg',
                title: 'Zhongshan Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005967/10775294.jpg',
                title: 'Zhongshan Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Nanshan District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Humanities and History Red Mark
- Detailed Address: No. 3109 Nanshan Avenue
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-26611719
- Park Introduction: Zhongshan Park in Nanshan District, Shenzhen is located in the central area of Nanshan in the west of Shenzhen, adjacent to Nantou Middle School and connected to Nanshan Avenue in the east. It covers an area of 490,000 square meters. It is the oldest park in Shenzhen and the only one named after Sun Yat-sen. Cultural Activities: Zhongshan Park Branch of the Shenzhen Park Cultural Season held every year.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-22:00

:::

## Tour Route
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1334/1334661/10775294.jpg"
title="Zhongshan Park游玩路径图"
description="游玩路径示意图"
/>



## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Zhongshan Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Zhongshan Park"
    description="Zhongshan Park in Nanshan District, Shenzhen, is full of birdsong, flowers and rippling water. It is themed on the large sculpture of Mr. Sun Yat-sen's head. It uses the existing natural landforms and historical and cultural relics. The nationally renowned sculptor Qian Shaowu presided over the Sun Yat-sen sculpture project. The stone statue is 10 meters high and 27 meters wide. The head is made of a whole piece of granite weighing 88 tons. It is currently the largest stone sculpture of Sun Yat-sen's head in the country. There are also eight statues of local celebrities in Shenzhen distributed on the central lawn of the park. Zhongshan Park is famous for the largest statue of Sun Yat-sen in the country, the vicissitudes of the ancient city wall ruins of the Ming Dynasty, and the eternal memory of the revolutionary martyrs who liberated Nei Lingding Island. It has become the most public garden leisure park with the most historical and cultural heritage and humanistic landscape in our city."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Zhongshan Park"
    description="Zhongshan Park in Nanshan District, Shenzhen, is full of birdsong, flowers and rippling water. It is themed on the large sculpture of Mr. Sun Yat-sen's head. It uses the existing natural landforms and historical and cultural relics. The nationally renowned sculptor Qian Shaowu presided over the Sun Yat-sen sculpture project. The stone statue is 10 meters high and 27 meters wide. The head is made of a whole piece of granite weighing 88 tons. It is currently the largest stone sculpture of Sun Yat-sen's head in the country. There are also eight statues of local celebrities in Shenzhen distributed on the central lawn of the park. Zhongshan Park is famous for the largest statue of Sun Yat-sen in the country, the vicissitudes of the ancient city wall ruins of the Ming Dynasty, and the eternal memory of the revolutionary martyrs who liberated Nei Lingding Island. It has become the most public garden leisure park with the most historical and cultural heritage and humanistic landscape in our city."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005970/10775296.jpg"
        title="Guanhu Central Park"
        description="Guanhu Central Park is located in the middle of Guanhu High-tech Industrial Park in Longhua District, with Baode Technology Park in the north, Jinmeiwei Industr"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Guanhu-Central-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005970/10775296.jpg"
        title="Guanhu Central Park"
        description="Guanhu Central Park is located in the middle of Guanhu High-tech Industrial Park in Longhua District, with Baode Technology Park in the north, Jinmeiwei Industr"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Guanhu-Central-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10775294.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

