---
title: Dasha River Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Dashahe-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005676/10774644.jpg',
                title: 'Dasha River Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005676/10774644.jpg',
                title: 'Dasha River Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Nanshan District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Sports tent area with a panoramic view
- Detailed Address: No. 8228, Beihuan Road, Taoyuan Street, Nanshan District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-86239119
- Park Introduction: Dasha River Park is located in the middle of Nanshan District, adjacent to the Guangzhou-Shenzhen Expressway in the north, North Ring Road in the south, Dasha River Ecological Corridor in the west, and European City in Nanshan District in the east. It is an important part of Shenzhen Bay"s urban greening, with a total land area of about 288,300 square meters. It was named after its proximity to Dasha River. It was built in October 2007. The park type is an urban park, and the management and maintenance level is special. The entire park is basically matched with trees, shrubs, flowers, and grasses, and various architectural sketches are dotted in between. The main attractions include Sansheng Square, Green Terrace, Sansheng Pavilion, Changde Pavilion, Prayer Corridor, various sports and fitness venues, etc. It is an important public activity space for the city's citizens to relax, exercise, and play.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Tour Route
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1333/1333605/10774644.png"
title="Dasha River Park游玩路径图"
description="游玩路径示意图"
/>



## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Dasha River Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Dasha River Park"
    description="(1) West Gate Flower Mirror Landscape: Located at the west gate slope of the park, the original red-backed laurel and Schefflera were transplanted to the inner ring road, making full use of the park's unique mountainous topography. 40 kinds of vegetation, such as taro, monstera, and blue gold flower, were used to design exquisite garden pieces, creating an atmosphere of  'spring in the garden'. (2) Park Sansheng Stone: Located at the Sansheng Square at the south gate entrance. It is not only the fundamental concept of the park's construction, but also a milestone of the park. (3) Park Beautiful Kapok Unique Scenery: Located at the Sansheng Square at the south gate entrance. The tree has a beautiful shape and majestic momentum, adding a sense of vitality like the rising sun to the huge square. (4) Park Camellia Road Landscape: Located in the southeast of Shude Road, in the middle of Changde Pavilion and the Flower Corridor. When the camellia blooms, it is a warm sea of flowers, which makes people feel relaxed and happy. (5) Park Green Lawn: Located in the central area of the park, it faces Shengyuan Wetland in the east and Qingyu Corridor in the south. It is the main place for tourists to play."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Dasha River Park"
    description="(1) West Gate Flower Mirror Landscape: Located at the west gate slope of the park, the original red-backed laurel and Schefflera were transplanted to the inner ring road, making full use of the park's unique mountainous topography. 40 kinds of vegetation, such as taro, monstera, and blue gold flower, were used to design exquisite garden pieces, creating an atmosphere of  'spring in the garden'. (2) Park Sansheng Stone: Located at the Sansheng Square at the south gate entrance. It is not only the fundamental concept of the park's construction, but also a milestone of the park. (3) Park Beautiful Kapok Unique Scenery: Located at the Sansheng Square at the south gate entrance. The tree has a beautiful shape and majestic momentum, adding a sense of vitality like the rising sun to the huge square. (4) Park Camellia Road Landscape: Located in the southeast of Shude Road, in the middle of Changde Pavilion and the Flower Corridor. When the camellia blooms, it is a warm sea of flowers, which makes people feel relaxed and happy. (5) Park Green Lawn: Located in the central area of the park, it faces Shengyuan Wetland in the east and Qingyu Corridor in the south. It is the main place for tourists to play."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005675/10774643.jpg"
        title="Nanshan Park"
        description="Nanshan Park is located at the southern end of Shekou Peninsula in Nanshan District, Shenzhen City. It is adjacent to Nanhai Avenue in the east, Qingqing World "
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Nanshan-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005675/10774643.jpg"
        title="Nanshan Park"
        description="Nanshan Park is located at the southern end of Shekou Peninsula in Nanshan District, Shenzhen City. It is adjacent to Nanhai Avenue in the east, Qingqing World "
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Nanshan-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10774644.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

