---
title: Yanziling Ecological Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Yanziling-Ecological-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005905/10775113.jpg',
                title: 'Yanziling Ecological Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005905/10775113.jpg',
                title: 'Yanziling Ecological Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Pingshan District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Children's recreation climbing sports
- Detailed Address: No. 15, Jinniu West Road, Pingshan District
- Inquiry Phone: 15986778033
- Park Introduction: Yanziling Ecological Park is located in the central area of Pingshan District, adjacent to Lijing Road in the east, Longping Road in the west, Jinniu West Road in the north, and surrounded by Pingshan River in the south. It was completed and opened to the public in 2010. The park was built on the basis of the original mountain. The peak at the highest point is 150 meters above sea level, and most of the roads in the park are mountain climbing steps. Due to the dense forests in the mountains, a unique microclimate has been formed. The air quality here is first-class and the negative oxygen ion content is extremely high, which can be called a"natural oxygen bar".

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-20:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Yanziling Ecological Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Yanziling Ecological Park"
    description="Artificial buildings, pavilions and terraces, walk up the steps to the mountain, passing Chunhui Pavilion, Jinyan Pavilion, Yanwu Pavilion, Shuangyan Pavilion, and Banshan Pavilion. Each pavilion has a poetic name. There are many viewing platforms on the mountainside. Standing on the viewing platform, you can overlook the surrounding scenery from different angles. The large-scale Chunhui Pavilion is located on the highest peak of the park, where visitors can overlook the whole view of Pingshan District. The north gate is the main gate. From the north gate to the top of the mountain is a uniform wooden plank road. Climbing up the steps, it is full of the breath of the original forest. Entering the park from the south gate, you can not only see the mountain gate archway, but also have a square for leisure and play. The bamboo forest path is the feature of the park. The thin and tall bamboos cover the mountain trail, and the sun is shaded by the pillars. Stepping into it, bursts of birds chirping can be heard in the distance, and the bamboo leaves nearby are rustling in the mountain breeze, which makes the mood calm. The park also has facilities such as Swallow Lake, Tea House, Chunhui Pavilion, Yishen Pavilion, Sculpture Platform, Elderly Activity Center, Children's Playground, etc. There are several interconnected hiking trails in the park, providing convenience for citizens to go hiking and play."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Yanziling Ecological Park"
    description="Artificial buildings, pavilions and terraces, walk up the steps to the mountain, passing Chunhui Pavilion, Jinyan Pavilion, Yanwu Pavilion, Shuangyan Pavilion, and Banshan Pavilion. Each pavilion has a poetic name. There are many viewing platforms on the mountainside. Standing on the viewing platform, you can overlook the surrounding scenery from different angles. The large-scale Chunhui Pavilion is located on the highest peak of the park, where visitors can overlook the whole view of Pingshan District. The north gate is the main gate. From the north gate to the top of the mountain is a uniform wooden plank road. Climbing up the steps, it is full of the breath of the original forest. Entering the park from the south gate, you can not only see the mountain gate archway, but also have a square for leisure and play. The bamboo forest path is the feature of the park. The thin and tall bamboos cover the mountain trail, and the sun is shaded by the pillars. Stepping into it, bursts of birds chirping can be heard in the distance, and the bamboo leaves nearby are rustling in the mountain breeze, which makes the mood calm. The park also has facilities such as Swallow Lake, Tea House, Chunhui Pavilion, Yishen Pavilion, Sculpture Platform, Elderly Activity Center, Children's Playground, etc. There are several interconnected hiking trails in the park, providing convenience for citizens to go hiking and play."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005906/10775115.jpg"
        title="Jinniu Park (Rule of Law Park)"
        description="Jinniu Rule of Law Park is located on the south side of Jinniu Road in Pingshan Industrial Park, Shenzhen, directly opposite the Pingshan District Administrativ"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Jinniu-Park-(Rule-of-Law-Park)/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005906/10775115.jpg"
        title="Jinniu Park (Rule of Law Park)"
        description="Jinniu Rule of Law Park is located on the south side of Jinniu Road in Pingshan Industrial Park, Shenzhen, directly opposite the Pingshan District Administrativ"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Jinniu-Park-(Rule-of-Law-Park)/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10775113.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

