---
title: Wumafeng Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Wumafeng-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005851/10774996.jpg',
                title: 'Wumafeng Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005851/10774996.jpg',
                title: 'Wumafeng Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Pingshan District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Children's Recreation Sports Humanities History Climbing
- Detailed Address: Opposite to No. 10 Maotian Road, Pingshan District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 18680394628
- Park Introduction: Wumafeng Park is located in Jinsha Community. It is known as the 'park at the doorstep' of Kengzi people. It opened in March 2012. The total area of the park is 101,000 square meters, with a green area of 80,000 square meters. The building facilities include squares, garden paths, pavilions and corridors, and parking lots. There are three artificial lakes in the park, namely South Lake, North Lake and Inner Lake, with an area of 5,000 square meters. The park is divided into five areas, including Tanshan Ancestral Temple, Tea Garden, Fun Pavilion, Basketball Court, and Children's Playground. There are two hills in the park, and at the foot of the hill is the"Wumafeng Ancestral Temple" built in the Ming Dynasty. The park implements first-level management and is equipped with greening and drinking pipe networks, park water circulation pipe networks, fire protection pipe networks, and closed-circuit monitoring pipe networks. Wumafeng Park is praised by the residents of the area as"the park at the doorstep". The park has become another display window of Kengzi"s humanities and culture, and another 'new business card' of Kengzi. The park was rated as a"five-star community park" by Shenzhen in 2015.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-22:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Wumafeng Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Wumafeng Park"
    description="The main scenic spot in the park is the Temple of the Immortal Tan. It is said that this is a Taoist temple dedicated to the patron saint of fishermen in Guangdong - Tan Gong, also known as 'Chang Zhen Tan Zhenren'. Although it is not large in scale, it is very popular. The temple has a distinct Hakka architectural style, solemn and magnificent, highlighting the spiritual energy of the local mountains and rivers."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Wumafeng Park"
    description="The main scenic spot in the park is the Temple of the Immortal Tan. It is said that this is a Taoist temple dedicated to the patron saint of fishermen in Guangdong - Tan Gong, also known as 'Chang Zhen Tan Zhenren'. Although it is not large in scale, it is very popular. The temple has a distinct Hakka architectural style, solemn and magnificent, highlighting the spiritual energy of the local mountains and rivers."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005852/10775002.jpg"
        title="Acacia Forest Park"
        description="Acacia Forest Park is located in Yinhu Tourism Center, Qingshuihe Street, Luohu District. It is named after the large area of acacia trees on the mountain. As a"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Xiangsilin-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005852/10775002.jpg"
        title="Acacia Forest Park"
        description="Acacia Forest Park is located in Yinhu Tourism Center, Qingshuihe Street, Luohu District. It is named after the large area of acacia trees on the mountain. As a"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Xiangsilin-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10774996.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

