---
title: Hetang Landscape Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Hetang-Landscape-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005939/10775201.jpg',
                title: 'Hetang Landscape Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005939/10775201.jpg',
                title: 'Hetang Landscape Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Dapeng New District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Community park children's play special book bar water recreation tent area
- Detailed Address: Jinling Road, Kuichong Street, Dapeng New District, Shenzhen, upstream of Sanxi River, adjacent to Dapeng New District Management Committee and Life Science Industrial Park
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-28333142
- Park Introduction: Hetang Landscape Park in Dapeng New District covers an area of 23,000 square meters and has a lake area of 3,900 square meters. The park has the first audio library in Dapeng New District - the Himalayan Audio Library"Listening to Dapeng between Mountains and Seas", the first urban management college in Dapeng New District - 'Heli Academy' and other special attractions, as well as the first ecological health theme greenway in Dapeng New District, which is an ideal place for leisure and entertainment. Hetang Landscape Park is located in the upper reaches of Sanxi River. It used to be a wasteland with weeds. In accordance with the construction concept of"one river, one scene", Dapeng New District has made"Hetang Landscape" an important landscape node of the Sanxi River Comprehensive Improvement Project. Hetang Landscape Park uses wetland lakes, waterfalls, sparse forests and grasslands, flower slopes and other landscape techniques to show and enrich the beauty of nature. It has built the Urban Management College Book Bar,"Wanghu Cuiying" viewing platform, landscape pavilions and other garden buildings, slow walking trails, water-friendly plank roads, plank road landscape bridges and other garden roads, as well as children's entertainment areas. At the same time, using Dapeng's"mountains and waters" as a carrier and integrating cultural elements, an ecological health and oxygen-themed greenway was created, which"starts from the back mountain of Jinling Road in the west and ends at Benkang Industrial Zone in the east, with a total length of about 2.9 kilometers". It is a"check-in place" for leisure and entertainment for nearby residents.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Hetang Landscape Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Hetang Landscape Park"
    description="(I) Audio Library of the 'Lake Viewing and Green Shadow' Viewing Platform The first audio library in Dapeng New District, the 'Listen to Dapeng between Mountains and Seas' Himalayan Audio Library, jointly built by the Urban Management and Comprehensive Law Enforcement Bureau of Dapeng New District and Shenzhen Evening News, has settled in Hetang Landscape Park. At the 'Lake Viewing and Green Shadow' viewing platform on the back mountain greenway of the park, a wall is 3 meters high and 6 meters wide. It looks small in 'area', but the content is very rich, covering many boutique categories such as party building, tourism, news, epidemic prevention, health, and children. At the same time, the background will update the content regularly to keep the 'books' as new as ever. The audio library can cover a radius of 3 kilometers. Community residents can listen online for free by simply opening their mobile phones to scan the QR code, which enables the masses to learn audio at home and enjoy audio books at any time. 'A wall + QR code' has formed an audio library surrounded by nature and rich in books. By scanning the QR code with a mobile phone, you can listen to the voice of the world while enjoying the garden scenery. (II) Dapeng New District Urban Management College Nature Education Center The 'Heli Academy' in Hetang Landscape Park is the first urban management college in Dapeng New District and the nature education center of Dapeng New District. The Urban Management College implements the ecological concepts of'low-carbon environmental protection' and 'green energy saving' and has started the ecological exploration in the public toilet revolution, that is, drawing on the practice of 'no water flowing to outsiders' in traditional Chinese agriculture, recycling resources, and transforming public toilet resources into nutrients for garden planting to achieve the 'fertile field' ecological cycle. On the exterior of the college, PVC pipes are used to paint abstract simulations of bamboo forests, and roofs, screens, and partitions are made to build a 'Heli Academy' full of leisure charm and poetry such as 'picking chrysanthemums under the eastern fence'. The college has a reading room suitable for rest and reading. It has now become the nature education activity base of Dapeng New District and an important nature education center in Dapeng New District. A variety of 'parent-child' activities are held here every month."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Hetang Landscape Park"
    description="(I) Audio Library of the 'Lake Viewing and Green Shadow' Viewing Platform The first audio library in Dapeng New District, the 'Listen to Dapeng between Mountains and Seas' Himalayan Audio Library, jointly built by the Urban Management and Comprehensive Law Enforcement Bureau of Dapeng New District and Shenzhen Evening News, has settled in Hetang Landscape Park. At the 'Lake Viewing and Green Shadow' viewing platform on the back mountain greenway of the park, a wall is 3 meters high and 6 meters wide. It looks small in 'area', but the content is very rich, covering many boutique categories such as party building, tourism, news, epidemic prevention, health, and children. At the same time, the background will update the content regularly to keep the 'books' as new as ever. The audio library can cover a radius of 3 kilometers. Community residents can listen online for free by simply opening their mobile phones to scan the QR code, which enables the masses to learn audio at home and enjoy audio books at any time. 'A wall + QR code' has formed an audio library surrounded by nature and rich in books. By scanning the QR code with a mobile phone, you can listen to the voice of the world while enjoying the garden scenery. (II) Dapeng New District Urban Management College Nature Education Center The 'Heli Academy' in Hetang Landscape Park is the first urban management college in Dapeng New District and the nature education center of Dapeng New District. The Urban Management College implements the ecological concepts of'low-carbon environmental protection' and 'green energy saving' and has started the ecological exploration in the public toilet revolution, that is, drawing on the practice of 'no water flowing to outsiders' in traditional Chinese agriculture, recycling resources, and transforming public toilet resources into nutrients for garden planting to achieve the 'fertile field' ecological cycle. On the exterior of the college, PVC pipes are used to paint abstract simulations of bamboo forests, and roofs, screens, and partitions are made to build a 'Heli Academy' full of leisure charm and poetry such as 'picking chrysanthemums under the eastern fence'. The college has a reading room suitable for rest and reading. It has now become the nature education activity base of Dapeng New District and an important nature education center in Dapeng New District. A variety of 'parent-child' activities are held here every month."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005940/10775202.jpg"
        title="Cloud Garden"
        description="The Cloud Garden takes 'cloud' as its design theme, and its plane layout is based on the deformation of clouds. The main colors are technology blue, cloud white,"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Yunzhiyuan/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005940/10775202.jpg"
        title="Cloud Garden"
        description="The Cloud Garden takes 'cloud' as its design theme, and its plane layout is based on the deformation of clouds. The main colors are technology blue, cloud white,"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Yunzhiyuan/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10775201.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

