---
title: Haoxiang Lake Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Haoxiang-Lake-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005758/10774778.jpg',
                title: 'Haoxiang Lake Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005758/10774778.jpg',
                title: 'Haoxiang Lake Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Bao'an District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Water recreation children's play tent area
- Detailed Address: Northwest of the intersection of Shajing North Ring Road and Bao'an Avenue, Bao'an District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 13781718355


@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
- Park Introduction: Haoxiang Lake Park is located in Shajing Street, Bao'an District, Shenzhen City, with a total area of about 150,000 square meters. It opened in December 2020. The waters of Haoxiang Lake Park are a typical epitome of the street"s water quality improvement. It connects Maozhou River, Jieliu River, Haoxiang River, and Haoxiang Lake into a belt, combining water management and production management to create a smart manufacturing new city that integrates the three lives and is livable and happy. The park revolves around the theme of"Bicheng Hub•Oyster Township Rebirth", and comprehensively creates a charming oyster township from four aspects: driving industry, improving transportation, reconstructing water veins, and inheriting culture. The cultural and creative exhibition hall project transformed from a power plant in the park was shortlisted for this year"s British design authority Dezeen Awards, and was divided into the landscape project category and the regeneration project category. After comprehensive management and ecological restoration, the water quality of Haoxiang Lake now reaches Class V or above, realizing a gorgeous transformation from a"black and smelly lake" to a"swan lake".
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Haoxiang Lake Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Haoxiang Lake Park"
    description="(1) Cultural and Creative Exhibition Hall: The building was renovated from the abandoned Shajing Power Plant on the site, reaffirming the cultural attributes of the city's heritage. Both projects were shortlisted for the annual British design authority Dezeen Awards, in the landscape project category and the regeneration project category. (2) Flower Gallery Station: The design adopts parametric diamond-shaped roof and curtain wall. The Flower Gallery Station has both flower art cafe and public service functions (toilets). The open space in the middle is connected to the park and is a popular leisure place for citizens. (3) Oyster Heart Rainbow Bridge: It adopts a curved steel box girder structure with a total length of 238m and a maximum span of 77m. In order to minimize the impact on the river and the environment, a rainbow bridge across the river came into being, becoming the best viewing point for overlooking the park and the surrounding city. (4) Oyster Shell Water Maze: The entire oyster-shaped maze water venue is designed, with a variety of water interactive devices placed for children to run and play. It is a popular place in the park. (5) Rebirth of the Oyster Wall: The Shajing-style oyster shell wall designed specifically for the park inherits the ancient charm of the oyster hometown, reflects the local cultural connotation of Shajing, preserves the historical heritage of Shajing people, and makes Shajing people have a greater sense of identity and belonging."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Haoxiang Lake Park"
    description="(1) Cultural and Creative Exhibition Hall: The building was renovated from the abandoned Shajing Power Plant on the site, reaffirming the cultural attributes of the city's heritage. Both projects were shortlisted for the annual British design authority Dezeen Awards, in the landscape project category and the regeneration project category. (2) Flower Gallery Station: The design adopts parametric diamond-shaped roof and curtain wall. The Flower Gallery Station has both flower art cafe and public service functions (toilets). The open space in the middle is connected to the park and is a popular leisure place for citizens. (3) Oyster Heart Rainbow Bridge: It adopts a curved steel box girder structure with a total length of 238m and a maximum span of 77m. In order to minimize the impact on the river and the environment, a rainbow bridge across the river came into being, becoming the best viewing point for overlooking the park and the surrounding city. (4) Oyster Shell Water Maze: The entire oyster-shaped maze water venue is designed, with a variety of water interactive devices placed for children to run and play. It is a popular place in the park. (5) Rebirth of the Oyster Wall: The Shajing-style oyster shell wall designed specifically for the park inherits the ancient charm of the oyster hometown, reflects the local cultural connotation of Shajing, preserves the historical heritage of Shajing people, and makes Shajing people have a greater sense of identity and belonging."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005759/10774781.jpg"
        title="Lingzhi Park"
        description="Lingzhi Park is located in the center of Xin'an Old Town in the Bao'an Central Cluster. It was completed in the winter of 1991 and covers an area of about 12.28"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Ganoderma-Lucidum-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005759/10774781.jpg"
        title="Lingzhi Park"
        description="Lingzhi Park is located in the center of Xin'an Old Town in the Bao'an Central Cluster. It was completed in the winter of 1991 and covers an area of about 12.28"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Ganoderma-Lucidum-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10774778.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

