---
title: Wangniuting Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Wangniuting-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005982/10775322.jpg',
                title: 'Wangniuting Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005982/10775322.jpg',
                title: 'Wangniuting Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Bao'an District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Climbing and hiking in the countryside
- Detailed Address: The intersection of Zhengfeng North Road and Fuzhou Avenue, Fuyong Street, Bao'an District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-27391563
- Park Introduction: Wangniuting Park is located at the intersection of Fuzhou Avenue and Zhengfeng North Road, Fuyong Street, Bao'an District, Shenzhen. It was built in August 2010 and covers a total area of 192,587.53 square meters. It used to be a forest belt full of lush trees. After its completion, Wangniuting Park has been transformed and improved to enrich the landscape and municipal facilities of the mountain, and has set up a main entrance and a secondary entrance to facilitate citizens to climb the mountain nearby.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-22:30

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Wangniuting Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Wangniuting Park"
    description="There are two 3,000-meter hiking trails in Wangniuting Park, which are paved with marble slabs. They open up the park's mountain walking trail. Citizens can walk from the foot of the mountain to the mountainside along the barrier-free passage. There are also many scenic spots along the way, such as Guolin Mingcui and Linhai Siyin. Strolling in the park, the fragrance of flowers is overwhelming and the scenery is beautiful all the way. The park is planted with health-preserving trees and shrubs with volatile flower scents, and the variety of flowers and trees is richer. The mountain has also added toilets, street lights, monitoring facilities, guardrails, trash cans and other complete supporting facilities. The fragrance of flowers, chirping, trails, and waterfalls are hard to let go. Wangniuting Park not only directly benefits the people in the surrounding six communities of Baishixia, Fuyong, Jufu, Huaide, Qiaotou, and Xinhe, but also becomes another good place for fitness and leisure for nearly 500,000 people in the entire street."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Wangniuting Park"
    description="There are two 3,000-meter hiking trails in Wangniuting Park, which are paved with marble slabs. They open up the park's mountain walking trail. Citizens can walk from the foot of the mountain to the mountainside along the barrier-free passage. There are also many scenic spots along the way, such as Guolin Mingcui and Linhai Siyin. Strolling in the park, the fragrance of flowers is overwhelming and the scenery is beautiful all the way. The park is planted with health-preserving trees and shrubs with volatile flower scents, and the variety of flowers and trees is richer. The mountain has also added toilets, street lights, monitoring facilities, guardrails, trash cans and other complete supporting facilities. The fragrance of flowers, chirping, trails, and waterfalls are hard to let go. Wangniuting Park not only directly benefits the people in the surrounding six communities of Baishixia, Fuyong, Jufu, Huaide, Qiaotou, and Xinhe, but also becomes another good place for fitness and leisure for nearly 500,000 people in the entire street."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005986/10775330.jpg"
        title="Bauhinia Garden"
        description="Zijin Garden is located at the intersection of Leiyuemen Street and Qianwan 1st Road, around Qianhai International Conference Center. The first phase covers an "
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Zijing Garden"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005986/10775330.jpg"
        title="Bauhinia Garden"
        description="Zijin Garden is located at the intersection of Leiyuemen Street and Qianwan 1st Road, around Qianhai International Conference Center. The first phase covers an "
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Zijing Garden"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10775322.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

