---
title: Lixin Lake Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Lixinhu-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005980/10775320.jpg',
                title: 'Lixin Lake Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005980/10775320.jpg',
                title: 'Lixin Lake Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Bao'an District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Water recreation Special flower scene Special book bar Children's play Sports
- Detailed Address: East side of the intersection of Lixin North Road and Rongshu Road, Fuyong Street, Bao'an District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-85900486
- Park Introduction: Lixin Lake Park (Phase I and II), also known as Lixin Lake Reservoir and Fuyong Reservoir, is located within the administrative area of Fuhai Street, Bao'an District, and is connected to Xintian, Dayang and Qiaotou communities of Fuhai Street. It covers an area of 1.9 square kilometers, with a water area of 1.2 square kilometers. The lake is rippling and adjacent to the Pearl River Estuary. The Lixin Lake Park (Phase III and IV) scenic area is located at the intersection of Fuzhou Avenue and Zhengfeng North Road, adjacent to Wangniu Pavilion in the south and overlooking the Pearl River Estuary in the west. The park construction transforms the closed protection into ecological perspective protection by borrowing the scenery of Lixin Lake, combining the design requirements and concepts of modern parks, and supplemented by the humanistic spirit of Fuyong, thus realizing an ecological landscape where water can be viewed but not touched. At the same time, the scenic greenway has set up scenic spots such as forest plank roads, landscape platforms, lakeside trails, and outdoor squares according to local conditions. It is a comprehensive ecological waterfront landscape area integrating nature protection, ecological sightseeing, popular science education, leisure and entertainment, and cultural experience.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-22:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Lixin Lake Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Lixin Lake Park"
    description="The most obvious symbol of Lixin Lake Park (Phase I and II) is the 12,000 square meter reservoir. There are 8.8 km of greenways and well-arranged plank roads around Lixin Lake. Walking on the plank roads or running and cycling on the greenways are all first-class enjoyment. The landscape corridor makes full use of the terrain and is transformed in combination with Lixin North Road. By setting up greenways, lakeside trails, wooden plank roads, etc., people can feel the different characteristics of the waterfront landscape. After the main project of the landscape corridor was opened to the public, it attracted many tourists to stroll on the landscape corridor by the lake, intoxicated by the trestle, shallows, coconut trees, and long pavilions, and feel the good mood brought by the different scenery in the downtown. In this ecological landscape city, under the shining autumn sun, small fish can be seen swimming happily everywhere under the green lake, and egrets are waiting by the water plants as if no one is around. The ecological landscape is pleasing to the eye. In addition, Lixin Lake Cultural and Creative Dream Park is located at No. 8, Renshan 2nd Road (within the scope of Lixin Lake Phase II), and is divided into two floors. The first floor has a small library, spice bar, yoga hall, etc., and the roof of the second floor is planted with lemons, grapefruits, spices, melons and other rich plants, which can be supplied to the first-floor stores and activities, and can also be used by tourists for viewing and learning; the environment is beautiful and the facilities are complete. This is both a cross-strait cultural exchange project and an industrial project. The park has complete facilities. It is understood that the park will hold many activities such as Creative December, Lixin Lake Concert and Chinese Character Art Festival every year, and hold creative markets around Lixin Lake. In the form of 'culture + creativity', the residents of Lixin Lake can enjoy the natural beauty while enriching their spare time and accepting the influence of art. In Lixin Lake Park (Phase III and IV), in front of Jianyue Book Bar, along the lakeside, the Lixin Lake Rose Garden is built. The characteristics of roses are displayed through different colors and forms of expression of roses to create an open, leisure and comfortable rose garden. The rose garden covers an area of about 2,000 square meters, with a rose planting area of about 1,121.8 square meters. There are more than 70 varieties of roses planted in the garden, with more than 11,467 plants. Because the undulating terrain is integrated with the surrounding plank roads and greenways to guide the masses to have a three-dimensional view from high, far and deep, the flower fields are layered, thus attracting the majority of citizens and tourists to stop and watch and take pictures. On the afternoon of July 30, 2020, Fuyong Street held a brief and grand unveiling ceremony for the completion of the urban public art landscape 'Lixin Lake Fu/Legend'. The famous rhetorician, painter, and poet Yan Qilin wrote 'Lixin Lake Fu' for it. The famous sculptor Mu Libing engraved 'Lixin Lake Fu' on glass crystals in a modern art form, creating a modern urban public art landscape with profound cultural connotations. The fu is in the lake, and the lake is in the fu. The crystal clear sculpture of 'Lixin Lake Fu/Legend' and the shimmering Lixin Lake complement each other, becoming a new landmark of urban culture and art in Fuyong Street."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Lixin Lake Park"
    description="The most obvious symbol of Lixin Lake Park (Phase I and II) is the 12,000 square meter reservoir. There are 8.8 km of greenways and well-arranged plank roads around Lixin Lake. Walking on the plank roads or running and cycling on the greenways are all first-class enjoyment. The landscape corridor makes full use of the terrain and is transformed in combination with Lixin North Road. By setting up greenways, lakeside trails, wooden plank roads, etc., people can feel the different characteristics of the waterfront landscape. After the main project of the landscape corridor was opened to the public, it attracted many tourists to stroll on the landscape corridor by the lake, intoxicated by the trestle, shallows, coconut trees, and long pavilions, and feel the good mood brought by the different scenery in the downtown. In this ecological landscape city, under the shining autumn sun, small fish can be seen swimming happily everywhere under the green lake, and egrets are waiting by the water plants as if no one is around. The ecological landscape is pleasing to the eye. In addition, Lixin Lake Cultural and Creative Dream Park is located at No. 8, Renshan 2nd Road (within the scope of Lixin Lake Phase II), and is divided into two floors. The first floor has a small library, spice bar, yoga hall, etc., and the roof of the second floor is planted with lemons, grapefruits, spices, melons and other rich plants, which can be supplied to the first-floor stores and activities, and can also be used by tourists for viewing and learning; the environment is beautiful and the facilities are complete. This is both a cross-strait cultural exchange project and an industrial project. The park has complete facilities. It is understood that the park will hold many activities such as Creative December, Lixin Lake Concert and Chinese Character Art Festival every year, and hold creative markets around Lixin Lake. In the form of 'culture + creativity', the residents of Lixin Lake can enjoy the natural beauty while enriching their spare time and accepting the influence of art. In Lixin Lake Park (Phase III and IV), in front of Jianyue Book Bar, along the lakeside, the Lixin Lake Rose Garden is built. The characteristics of roses are displayed through different colors and forms of expression of roses to create an open, leisure and comfortable rose garden. The rose garden covers an area of about 2,000 square meters, with a rose planting area of about 1,121.8 square meters. There are more than 70 varieties of roses planted in the garden, with more than 11,467 plants. Because the undulating terrain is integrated with the surrounding plank roads and greenways to guide the masses to have a three-dimensional view from high, far and deep, the flower fields are layered, thus attracting the majority of citizens and tourists to stop and watch and take pictures. On the afternoon of July 30, 2020, Fuyong Street held a brief and grand unveiling ceremony for the completion of the urban public art landscape 'Lixin Lake Fu/Legend'. The famous rhetorician, painter, and poet Yan Qilin wrote 'Lixin Lake Fu' for it. The famous sculptor Mu Libing engraved 'Lixin Lake Fu' on glass crystals in a modern art form, creating a modern urban public art landscape with profound cultural connotations. The fu is in the lake, and the lake is in the fu. The crystal clear sculpture of 'Lixin Lake Fu/Legend' and the shimmering Lixin Lake complement each other, becoming a new landmark of urban culture and art in Fuyong Street."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: km from Qiaotou Subway Station - Exit C, about 15 minutes" walk

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005982/10775322.jpg"
        title="Wangniuting Park"
        description="Wangniuting Park is located at the intersection of Fuzhou Avenue and Zhengfeng North Road, Fuyong Street, Bao'an District, Shenzhen. It was built in August 2010"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Wangniuting Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005982/10775322.jpg"
        title="Wangniuting Park"
        description="Wangniuting Park is located at the intersection of Fuzhou Avenue and Zhengfeng North Road, Fuyong Street, Bao'an District, Shenzhen. It was built in August 2010"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Wangniuting Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10775320.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

