---
title: Binhai Cultural Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Binhai-Cultural-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005922/10775144.jpg',
                title: 'Binhai Cultural Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005922/10775144.jpg',
                title: 'Binhai Cultural Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Bao'an District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Coastal leisure, children's entertainment, sports, special book bar
- Detailed Address: No. 8 Baoxing Road, Bao'an District
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-4007-622-388
- Park Introduction: Park Introduction The Binhai Cultural Park is divided into three major areas: the central cultural theme, the eastern art theme, and the western sports theme. The central cultural theme area of the park regularly hosts various music festivals, drama festivals and art exhibitions, and romantic and beautiful water shows and light shows are also presented here. The eastern art theme area of the park has diverse terrain and artistic landscape sketches. The western sports theme area has a seaside skateboard camp with Olympic standards, a lively and novel children's park, and a harbor beach for family entertainment, etc., bringing excitement and vitality to citizens and tourists. Cultural Activities (1) Cultural and Art Activities: Shenzhen Light and Shadow Art Festival, Happy Harbor Art Project (2) Leisure Life: Shenzhen Park Cultural Season, Bay Area International Drama Life Festival, Starry Music Festival

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Binhai Cultural Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Binhai Cultural Park"
    description="The 'Light of the Bay Area'Ferris wheel is located at the easternmost end of the Happy Harbor project. It is the first imported all-sky-view revolving Ferris wheel in China and the tallest Ferris wheel in the sky above Shenzhen. The Ferris wheel is 128 meters high and has a total of 28 imported cabins. Each cabin can accommodate 25 people and it takes about 30 minutes to rotate once. The whole wheel adopts the world's first fin-shaped large frame. The shape is inspired by the fantasy of the ocean. It not only has an extremely wide field of vision, but also a perfect breakthrough in the direction of structure towards art. The Ferris wheel uses a passenger diversion system to reasonably configure the flow of people. As the Ferris wheel slowly rotates, tourists can take in the scenery of Qianhai. There are also customized exclusive cabin services to bring tourists a different high-altitude journey."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Binhai Cultural Park"
    description="The 'Light of the Bay Area'Ferris wheel is located at the easternmost end of the Happy Harbor project. It is the first imported all-sky-view revolving Ferris wheel in China and the tallest Ferris wheel in the sky above Shenzhen. The Ferris wheel is 128 meters high and has a total of 28 imported cabins. Each cabin can accommodate 25 people and it takes about 30 minutes to rotate once. The whole wheel adopts the world's first fin-shaped large frame. The shape is inspired by the fantasy of the ocean. It not only has an extremely wide field of vision, but also a perfect breakthrough in the direction of structure towards art. The Ferris wheel uses a passenger diversion system to reasonably configure the flow of people. As the Ferris wheel slowly rotates, tourists can take in the scenery of Qianhai. There are also customized exclusive cabin services to bring tourists a different high-altitude journey."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005923/10775151.jpg"
        title="Low Carbon City Waterfront Park"
        description="The Low Carbon City Waterfront Park is located on the east side of the Low Carbon Forum Exhibition Center. It is an important supporting municipal park of Shenz"
        href="/en/SpecializedPark/WaterFrontPark/Low Carbon City Waterfront Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005923/10775151.jpg"
        title="Low Carbon City Waterfront Park"
        description="The Low Carbon City Waterfront Park is located on the east side of the Low Carbon Forum Exhibition Center. It is an important supporting municipal park of Shenz"
        href="/en/SpecializedPark/WaterFrontPark/Low Carbon City Waterfront Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10775144.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

