---
title: Bougainvillea Valley Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Bougainvillea-Valley-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005920/10775143.jpg',
                title: 'Bougainvillea Valley Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005920/10775143.jpg',
                title: 'Bougainvillea Valley Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Bao'an District
- Park Category: Natural Park
- Park Tags: Special flower scene Water recreation Wetland landscape Children's play tent area
- Detailed Address: Bougainvillea Valley Park, Hangcheng Street, Bao'an District, Shenzhen (next to Jiuwei Detention Center)
- Inquiry Phone: 15816858318

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
 Bougainvillea Valley is located on the east side of Phoenix Mountain. It belongs to the third phase of the Phoenix Mountain landscape improvement project and is a key livelihood project of Hangcheng Street. With a construction area of 275,000 square meters, Bougainvillea Valley is connected by"mountain-forest-city-valley" to form an urban suburban forest park with mountains, natural plants and Bougainvillea science as the main landscape. Cultural activities Bougainvillea Valley Park has the first Bougainvillea Science Museum in the country and has been awarded the title of Bao'an District Science Base. There are 118 varieties and about 500,000 Bougainvillea flowers planted in Bougainvillea Valley Park. There are many Bougainvillea corridors, the longest of which is 188 meters long, which is the longest Bougainvillea theme cultural corridor in the city. The entire science base integrates various exhibition forms, exhibitions, scientific exploration, and interaction organically, popularizing the knowledge and gardening techniques of Bougainvillea to the public. At the same time, it carries out science popularization practice and exchange lectures on Bougainvillea, so that the public can understand the city spirit contained in Bougainvillea as the flower of Shenzhen. There is a cultural and creative space in the Bougainvillea Science Museum, which displays a variety of creative Bougainvillea souvenirs and provides a platform for cultural and artistic exchange activities for photography enthusiasts and tourists who love Chinese traditional culture.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-22:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Bougainvillea Valley Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Bougainvillea Valley Park"
    description="One flower is enough to captivate the whole city, one valley is enough to captivate the heart. With the theme of Bougainvillea, the park integrates popular science, appreciation and fun to create the Bougainvillea Popular Science Base in Shenzhen. According to the landscape space and design features, the park follows the ecology of mountains and waters. Relying on the Phoenix Mountain, the park retains the original forms of hillsides, wetlands and stones, and builds 12 pavilions, 3 landscape stones and 2 stone bridges. From afar, you can see clouds rolling and mountains overlapping with green, in the middle you can see small bridges and flowing water, rippling blue waves, and from close you can see flowers, grass and green, insects chirping and fish jumping. There are beautiful scenery everywhere, which makes people linger. Fangcaodi is located between the artificial lake area and the bamboo forest. The open grassland undulates slightly with the terrain. It is a rare open space in the flower valley. A small paradise has been opened in the grassland for children to enjoy. Qihuaying is located on the south bank of the lake area, where a flower corridor blooms. When the flowering season arrives, the entire corridor is like a colorful time tunnel, and walking in it can be said to be a scene at every step."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Bougainvillea Valley Park"
    description="One flower is enough to captivate the whole city, one valley is enough to captivate the heart. With the theme of Bougainvillea, the park integrates popular science, appreciation and fun to create the Bougainvillea Popular Science Base in Shenzhen. According to the landscape space and design features, the park follows the ecology of mountains and waters. Relying on the Phoenix Mountain, the park retains the original forms of hillsides, wetlands and stones, and builds 12 pavilions, 3 landscape stones and 2 stone bridges. From afar, you can see clouds rolling and mountains overlapping with green, in the middle you can see small bridges and flowing water, rippling blue waves, and from close you can see flowers, grass and green, insects chirping and fish jumping. There are beautiful scenery everywhere, which makes people linger. Fangcaodi is located between the artificial lake area and the bamboo forest. The open grassland undulates slightly with the terrain. It is a rare open space in the flower valley. A small paradise has been opened in the grassland for children to enjoy. Qihuaying is located on the south bank of the lake area, where a flower corridor blooms. When the flowering season arrives, the entire corridor is like a colorful time tunnel, and walking in it can be said to be a scene at every step."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official media and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005948/10775219.png"
        title="Hung Tin Volcano Country Park"
        description="Hongtian Volcano Country Park covers a total area of 1,380,818 square meters, an"
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/CountryPark/Hongtian-Volcano-Country-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005948/10775219.png"
        title="Hung Tin Volcano Country Park"
        description="Hongtian Volcano Country Park covers a total area of 1,380,818 square meters, an"
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/CountryPark/Hongtian-Volcano-Country-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/zrgy/content/post_10775143.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

