---
title: Sea Mountain Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Haishan-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005742/10774746.jpg',
                title: 'Sea Mountain Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005742/10774746.jpg',
                title: 'Sea Mountain Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Yantian District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Sports, seaside leisure, climbing and sightseeing
- Detailed Address: No. 2100, Shenyan Road, Haishan Street, Yantian District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-25353127

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
 Located in Miaogongling, Shatoujiao Town, Yantian District, Shenzhen, it covers an area of 56,395 square meters. It was completed and opened on October 1, 2000. The main attractions include Haishan Art Tower, Flower Ground Clock, Plum Blossom Pavilion, Landscape Chessboard, Fitness Path, etc. The park condenses the concept of Yantian District Government to serve the people. The park was built on the mountain and followed the trend. It not only opened up new paths, but also made ingenious designs; it not only followed the basic principles of Chinese garden creation, but also had Western architectural style. There are strange stones in the pots in the garden, and cultural celebrities Lin Yong and Su Hua also left their ink for it,"Mountain Call" and"Sea Response". The park also has a"sky stone" that stands tall and straight into the sky, with extraordinary bearing. Mr. Li Tiepu, a famous Chinese calligrapher and painter, happily wrote"Harmony between Man and Nature","The World is for the Public", and"God Rewards Diligence" on the"sky stone". The philosophical concepts of sages of all ages echo in the contemporary era, giving people an infinite inspiration. Chess culture is an important part of Haishan Park. International chess masters Lü Qin and Hu Ronghua have played chess here. Haishan Park, with its unique architectural style and profound cultural connotation, gives visitors aesthetic and life enlightenment.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Open all day

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Sea Mountain Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Sea Mountain Park"
    description="The Art Tower is the main attraction in the park, consisting of a central tower, a withered vine climbing the moon, a climbing corridor, a wavy bench and a colorful golden dragon. The tower was built in the style of the works of Spanish design master Gaudi, as if it broke out of the ground and integrated with the surrounding environment. The architectural shape imitates plants and marine life, and a large number of natural materials are used, while artificial materials are creatively fragmented. The pursuit of bright colors and strong visual impact. The plum blossom pavilion implies the ability to withstand severe cold and strong bones. The flower clock is decorated with seasonal flowers, and flowers bloom all year round, implying that the long river of history is rolling forward, and people should cherish time and guard it. The fitness path connects the east and west ends of the main ring road of the park, and the road surface is paved with pebbles. The landscape chessboard is 687 square meters, the giant chess piece is 55.4 cm in diameter, 40 cm high, and weighs 130 kg. The chessboard squares are decorated with colorful foliage plants. The Chu River-Han Boundary is a fountain where tourists can play chess. It is currently the world's largest landscape chess and has been certified by the Guinness World Records. The wavy walls decorated with artistic tiles on both sides of the main entrance integrate architecture, sculpture, color, light and shadow, space and the natural environment, echoing the Art Tower."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Sea Mountain Park"
    description="The Art Tower is the main attraction in the park, consisting of a central tower, a withered vine climbing the moon, a climbing corridor, a wavy bench and a colorful golden dragon. The tower was built in the style of the works of Spanish design master Gaudi, as if it broke out of the ground and integrated with the surrounding environment. The architectural shape imitates plants and marine life, and a large number of natural materials are used, while artificial materials are creatively fragmented. The pursuit of bright colors and strong visual impact. The plum blossom pavilion implies the ability to withstand severe cold and strong bones. The flower clock is decorated with seasonal flowers, and flowers bloom all year round, implying that the long river of history is rolling forward, and people should cherish time and guard it. The fitness path connects the east and west ends of the main ring road of the park, and the road surface is paved with pebbles. The landscape chessboard is 687 square meters, the giant chess piece is 55.4 cm in diameter, 40 cm high, and weighs 130 kg. The chessboard squares are decorated with colorful foliage plants. The Chu River-Han Boundary is a fountain where tourists can play chess. It is currently the world's largest landscape chess and has been certified by the Guinness World Records. The wavy walls decorated with artistic tiles on both sides of the main entrance integrate architecture, sculpture, color, light and shadow, space and the natural environment, echoing the Art Tower."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 470 meters from Haishan Subway Station - Exit C, about 8 minutes" walk

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official media and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005743/10774747.jpg"
        title="Neihu Park"
        description="Neihu Park is located 160 meters southwest of the intersection of Wenhai Road and Huanmei Road in Meisha Street, Yantian District, Shenzhen. It faces Dameisha C"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Neihu-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005743/10774747.jpg"
        title="Neihu Park"
        description="Neihu Park is located 160 meters southwest of the intersection of Wenhai Road and Huanmei Road in Meisha Street, Yantian District, Shenzhen. It faces Dameisha C"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Neihu-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10774746.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

