---
title: Civic Center Plaza
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Civic-Center-Square/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005715/10774700.jpg',
                title: 'Civic Center Plaza',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005715/10774700.jpg',
                title: 'Civic Center Plaza',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: City Park
- Detailed Address: Lianhua Street, Futian District, Shenzhen City, between Hongli Road, Jintian Road, Fuhua 3rd Road and Yitian Road
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-83129565
- Park Introduction: The Citizen Square is an important part of the Central Square and South Central Axis Landscape Project in the central area of Shenzhen. It was officially started in April 2005 and officially opened to the public on October 1, 2006. The square is themed"a new combination of city and nature". In addition to being a place for recreation, leisure and entertainment, it also uses a large amount of green space to beautify the environment, which will play an important role in alleviating the urban heat island effect. At the same time, in order to effectively use energy, the lighting system of the entire square uses energy-saving and environmentally friendly equipment.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Open all day

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Civic Center Plaza
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Civic Center Plaza"
    description="Walking in the Civic Square, the landscape that comes into view is constantly changing. Between the green space and the central axis of the square, there are two large ecological water collection swamps, where plants such as lotus grow. It is reported that these two water collection swamps can not only collect rainwater from the square and the green space, but also plant various aquatic plants for citizens to enjoy. Opposite the central axis of the Civic Center is the central square of the Civic Square. Three crystal clear light towers are erected on the east and west sides of the square. The towers are 25 meters high and can be illuminated at night. Solar display lights and solar star lights are installed on the floor tiles and steps of the central axis of the square. This device can absorb solar energy during the day and emit light naturally at night without electricity. The lighting brightness of the entire square will be controlled in three modes: weekdays, holidays and major festivals and celebrations. The usual lighting is divided into two periods: all night and midnight. In order to use energy more effectively, the square uses high-efficiency lighting sources and high-efficiency energy-saving lamps. At the same time, in order to provide convenience for citizens, the square is also equipped with 4 viewing platforms and 4 toilets."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Civic Center Plaza"
    description="Walking in the Civic Square, the landscape that comes into view is constantly changing. Between the green space and the central axis of the square, there are two large ecological water collection swamps, where plants such as lotus grow. It is reported that these two water collection swamps can not only collect rainwater from the square and the green space, but also plant various aquatic plants for citizens to enjoy. Opposite the central axis of the Civic Center is the central square of the Civic Square. Three crystal clear light towers are erected on the east and west sides of the square. The towers are 25 meters high and can be illuminated at night. Solar display lights and solar star lights are installed on the floor tiles and steps of the central axis of the square. This device can absorb solar energy during the day and emit light naturally at night without electricity. The lighting brightness of the entire square will be controlled in three modes: weekdays, holidays and major festivals and celebrations. The usual lighting is divided into two periods: all night and midnight. In order to use energy more effectively, the square uses high-efficiency lighting sources and high-efficiency energy-saving lamps. At the same time, in order to provide convenience for citizens, the square is also equipped with 4 viewing platforms and 4 toilets."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Directly from Civic Center Metro Station

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005724/10774711.jpg"
        title="Civil Law Park"
        description="The Civil Law Park is located in the former Guanlan People's Park, adjacent to the Pearl River Delta Ring Expressway, covering an area of 156,000 square meters."
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Civil Law Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005724/10774711.jpg"
        title="Civil Law Park"
        description="The Civil Law Park is located in the former Guanlan People's Park, adjacent to the Pearl River Delta Ring Expressway, covering an area of 156,000 square meters."
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Civil Law Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10774700.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

