---
title: Beacon Hill Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Bijiashan-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005960/10775283.jpg',
                title: 'Beacon Hill Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005960/10775283.jpg',
                title: 'Beacon Hill Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Tent area for viewing from a height, water recreation and sports
- Detailed Address: No. 26, Meigang Road, Huafu Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-83220201
- Park Introduction: Shenzhen Bijiashan Park is located in the north of the city center, with Sungang Road in the south, Huanggang Road in the west and Beihuan Road in the north, covering an area of 149 hectares. It is named after the three peaks in the park standing in a triangle from east to west, which resemble a pen holder. Bijiashan Park was planned in 1989, officially opened to the public in October 1999, and rated as a five-star park in Shenzhen in 2008.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Tour Route
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1334/1334622/10775283.jpg"
title="Beacon Hill Park游玩路径图"
description="游玩路径示意图"
/>



## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Beacon Hill Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Beacon Hill Park"
    description="Bijiashan Park has a varied terrain and unique scenery. It is densely forested, with birds singing and flowers blooming. The southwest is an open artificial garden ecological area, dotted with mountain ponds and lakes, and the Futian River winds through the park. There are scenic spots such as sparse grasslands, tall eucalyptus forests, pine forests, lawn bowling courts, exhibition halls, Cuiyantai, Shuangyan Lake, etc. The northeast is a mountainous suburban scenic area. The main peak is 178 meters above sea level and the secondary peak is 163 meters above sea level. The view around the top of the mountain is wide. You can overlook the iconic buildings such as Diwang Building and SEG Plaza nearby, and you can overlook the beautiful scenery of Shenzhen Bay, Shekou and Hong Kong's Sheung Shui and Yuen Long in the distance. There are hiking trails, mountaintop platforms, tea gardens and other service facilities. Bijiashan Park is a rare urban park in the city that combines natural ecology with artificial gardens. It has become a good place for citizens to relax and exercise. In recent years, Bijiashan Park has focused on planting a large number of bauhinias and rhododendrons, which have become the park's characteristic flowers. Many citizens come here every year during the peak flowering period. In the future, the park will also echo the bauhinia and azalea in the central park along the Futian River, creating a Futian River landscape belt to bring more beautiful visual enjoyment to citizens."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Beacon Hill Park"
    description="Bijiashan Park has a varied terrain and unique scenery. It is densely forested, with birds singing and flowers blooming. The southwest is an open artificial garden ecological area, dotted with mountain ponds and lakes, and the Futian River winds through the park. There are scenic spots such as sparse grasslands, tall eucalyptus forests, pine forests, lawn bowling courts, exhibition halls, Cuiyantai, Shuangyan Lake, etc. The northeast is a mountainous suburban scenic area. The main peak is 178 meters above sea level and the secondary peak is 163 meters above sea level. The view around the top of the mountain is wide. You can overlook the iconic buildings such as Diwang Building and SEG Plaza nearby, and you can overlook the beautiful scenery of Shenzhen Bay, Shekou and Hong Kong's Sheung Shui and Yuen Long in the distance. There are hiking trails, mountaintop platforms, tea gardens and other service facilities. Bijiashan Park is a rare urban park in the city that combines natural ecology with artificial gardens. It has become a good place for citizens to relax and exercise. In recent years, Bijiashan Park has focused on planting a large number of bauhinias and rhododendrons, which have become the park's characteristic flowers. Many citizens come here every year during the peak flowering period. In the future, the park will also echo the bauhinia and azalea in the central park along the Futian River, creating a Futian River landscape belt to bring more beautiful visual enjoyment to citizens."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: km from Huangmugang Subway Station - Exit C, about 15 minutes" walk

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005961/10775287.jpg"
        title="Lychee Park"
        description="Shenzhen Lychee Park is located at the junction of Futian District and Luohu District, with Hongling Road to the east, Tongxin Road to the west, Shennan Road to"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Litchi Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005961/10775287.jpg"
        title="Lychee Park"
        description="Shenzhen Lychee Park is located at the junction of Futian District and Luohu District, with Hongling Road to the east, Tongxin Road to the west, Shennan Road to"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Litchi Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10775283.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

