---
title: Lianhuashan Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Lianhuashan-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005958/10775278.jpg',
                title: 'Lianhuashan Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005958/10775278.jpg',
                title: 'Lianhuashan Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Humanities and History Climb to the top and see far Shenzhen Eight Scenic Spots Science and Technology Innovation Tent Area Children's Play Sports Kite Flying
- Detailed Address: No. 6030, Hongli Road, Futian District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-83067950 (Monday to Sunday 8:30-17:30)

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
 Shenzhen Lianhuashan Park is located at the northern end of the city center, covering an area of 181 hectares. It is named Lianhuashan Park because of the seven hills embracing each other, which look like a blooming lotus. It was officially opened to the public in June 1997. Lianhuashan Park is an ecological municipal park, and also a"living museum" with beautiful scenery and pleasant environment where people and nature coexist harmoniously. With its unique geographical location and cultural landscape, it has become a window to show the style of Shenzhen. The number of visitors to the park is about 10 million each year. It has been rated as a"national key park","national red tourism demonstration base", 'Guangdong Province Patriotism Education Base" and"Shenzhen Party Member Education Base". Cultural activities: The Bougainvillea Flower Exhibition, which began in 1999, has been held for 24 consecutive sessions. It is a key flower exhibition that showcases the city's humanistic spirit and enhances the city's charm. The first to fourth sessions were held in Donghu Park, and the fifth session (2003) began to move to Lianhuashan Park, and the park's theme flower was gradually determined to be Bougainvillea. In order to implement the strategic goal of Shenzhen Municipal Party Committee and Municipal Government to build a"world-famous flower city", the scale of the Bougainvillea Flower Exhibition has been completely upgraded and comprehensively expanded since 2018. From the initial flower quality and bonsai display, it has developed into a comprehensive urban flower exhibition integrating theme gardens, urban flower fairs, new and excellent variety displays and cultural activities. Focusing on the construction of"complex, life-oriented, and ecological" parks, it has introduced a new variety of life service content, held a nature education carnival and a nature science exhibition, and introduced a creative life market. It is a grand flower-viewing carnival that integrates sightseeing, entertainment, and fun, and has also become an annual city-wide event.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00 - 23:00, admission is stopped at 22:30 (square dancing and group exercises are prohibited in the entire park)

:::

## Tour Route
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1334/1334616/10775278.png"
title="Lianhuashan Park游玩路径图"
description="游玩路径示意图"
/>



## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Lianhuashan Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Lianhuashan Park"
    description="The eastern area has two major scenic spots,'Dawn Breeze and Sunrise' and 'Rainforest Valley'. To the west of the scenic spot is the '30th Anniversary Memorial Park of the Establishment of Shenzhen Special Economic Zone' built in 2010. The southeast area is the 20,000 square meter Kite Square Lawn Scenic Area, where tourists gather to fly kites, which has become a major cultural landscape in Shenzhen. The southern area is the subtropical Coconut Wind Forest Scenic Area, which is dominated by lawns, palm plants, and the city flower Bougainvillea; to the north of the scenic area is the 50,000 square meter Lotus Lake, where tourists can rest by the lake and enjoy the beautiful waves. The northeast and western areas are mainly sparse forests and grasslands; the northwest area has peach blossom forests and valley flower borders. The main peak of the park is 100 meters above sea level, and there is a 4,000 square meter Deng Xiaoping Bronze Statue Square, which is the best place for tourists to remember a generation of great men and overlook the beautiful scenery of Shenzhen city. Xi Jinping, Hu Jintao, Jiang Zemin, Wen Jiabao and other party and state leaders have visited the park. The scenic area is named 'Early Spring in Lianshan' and is one of the eight scenic spots in Shenzhen. The bronze statue of Deng Xiaoping was selected as one of the 'Top Ten Historical Buildings in Shenzhen'."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Lianhuashan Park"
    description="The eastern area has two major scenic spots,'Dawn Breeze and Sunrise' and 'Rainforest Valley'. To the west of the scenic spot is the '30th Anniversary Memorial Park of the Establishment of Shenzhen Special Economic Zone' built in 2010. The southeast area is the 20,000 square meter Kite Square Lawn Scenic Area, where tourists gather to fly kites, which has become a major cultural landscape in Shenzhen. The southern area is the subtropical Coconut Wind Forest Scenic Area, which is dominated by lawns, palm plants, and the city flower Bougainvillea; to the north of the scenic area is the 50,000 square meter Lotus Lake, where tourists can rest by the lake and enjoy the beautiful waves. The northeast and western areas are mainly sparse forests and grasslands; the northwest area has peach blossom forests and valley flower borders. The main peak of the park is 100 meters above sea level, and there is a 4,000 square meter Deng Xiaoping Bronze Statue Square, which is the best place for tourists to remember a generation of great men and overlook the beautiful scenery of Shenzhen city. Xi Jinping, Hu Jintao, Jiang Zemin, Wen Jiabao and other party and state leaders have visited the park. The scenic area is named 'Early Spring in Lianshan' and is one of the eight scenic spots in Shenzhen. The bronze statue of Deng Xiaoping was selected as one of the 'Top Ten Historical Buildings in Shenzhen'."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 160 meters from Children's Palace Subway Station - Exit F1, about 3 minutes" walk

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official media and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005960/10775283.jpg"
        title="Beacon Hill Park"
        description="Shenzhen Bijiashan Park is located in the north of the city center, with Sungang Road in the south, Huanggang Road in the west and Beihuan Road in the north, co"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Bijiashan-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005960/10775283.jpg"
        title="Beacon Hill Park"
        description="Shenzhen Bijiashan Park is located in the north of the city center, with Sungang Road in the south, Huanggang Road in the west and Beihuan Road in the north, co"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Bijiashan-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10775278.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

