---
title: Huanggang Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Huanggang-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005659/10774633.png',
                title: 'Huanggang Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005659/10774633.png',
                title: 'Huanggang Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Sports climbing and looking far
- Detailed Address: No. 2088, Fuqiang Road, Futian Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-83491286
- Park Introduction: Huanggang Park is located at the southern end of the north-south axis of Futian Central District, with Fuqiang Road to the south and Yitian Road to the west, covering an area of 17.3 hectares. It is adjacent to the Futian District Government and many large residential areas, with a daily flow of nearly 10,000 people. Huanggang Park was established in December 1996 and was listed as one of the ten practical things the municipal government did for citizens in 1997. In September 1997, part of the park was completed and opened to the public. In March 2009, it was awarded the title of 'Five-Star Park' by the Municipal Urban Management Bureau. Huanggang Park is shaded by trees, comfortable and pleasant, with dense and healthy and orderly plants. The park paths are built according to the situation, with different views at different steps and many tourists. It is an urban oasis with dense forests and beautiful environment. After more than 20 years of construction, three entrance squares, two parking lots, three public toilets, nine landscape pavilions and corridors and more than 1,000 meters of mountain climbing park paths have been built to meet the leisure, entertainment and activities needs of the general public and tourists.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Huanggang Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Huanggang Park"
    description="South Gate Square: With an area of about 8,000 square meters, it was completed and opened to the public in 2018. A new public toilet and two rain shelter corridors were built to improve the service facilities of the park and create a special square with beautiful kapok as the theme flower. The construction of South Gate Square marks that the overall planning of the park has been completed. West Gate Square: With an area of about 3,000 square meters, it is a special square with fan-shaped layout, mainly for leisure dancing, sports and entertainment, and is deeply loved by the majority of citizens and tourists. East Gate Square: With an area of about 2,000 square meters, it is a comprehensive square that takes into account parking, sheltering from the rain, leisure and entertainment. Because of its flat terrain and complete facilities, it attracts many elderly people to bring their babies and young children here to enjoy family happiness every day. Central Lawn: A large area of sparse forest lawn, citizens stroll in it, or chase and play, or sit on the ground, comfortable and relaxed, with endless leisure fun. Tree-lined Parkway: The trees are lush and leafy. Walking on the tree-lined parkway, even in the hot summer, citizens and tourists can feel cool and comfortable, which is very pleasant. Mountaineering trail: It is more than 1,000 meters long, winding and full of greenery and rich vegetation, like a scenic corridor. Visitors can exercise, enjoy the beautiful scenery, listen to the birds singing, breathe fresh air, and feel the fun of the mountains and forests."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Huanggang Park"
    description="South Gate Square: With an area of about 8,000 square meters, it was completed and opened to the public in 2018. A new public toilet and two rain shelter corridors were built to improve the service facilities of the park and create a special square with beautiful kapok as the theme flower. The construction of South Gate Square marks that the overall planning of the park has been completed. West Gate Square: With an area of about 3,000 square meters, it is a special square with fan-shaped layout, mainly for leisure dancing, sports and entertainment, and is deeply loved by the majority of citizens and tourists. East Gate Square: With an area of about 2,000 square meters, it is a comprehensive square that takes into account parking, sheltering from the rain, leisure and entertainment. Because of its flat terrain and complete facilities, it attracts many elderly people to bring their babies and young children here to enjoy family happiness every day. Central Lawn: A large area of sparse forest lawn, citizens stroll in it, or chase and play, or sit on the ground, comfortable and relaxed, with endless leisure fun. Tree-lined Parkway: The trees are lush and leafy. Walking on the tree-lined parkway, even in the hot summer, citizens and tourists can feel cool and comfortable, which is very pleasant. Mountaineering trail: It is more than 1,000 meters long, winding and full of greenery and rich vegetation, like a scenic corridor. Visitors can exercise, enjoy the beautiful scenery, listen to the birds singing, breathe fresh air, and feel the fun of the mountains and forests."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005659/10774633.png"
        title="Huanggang Park"
        description="Huanggang Park is located at the southern end of the north-south axis of Futian Central District, bordering Fuqiang Road to the south and Yitian Road to the west, covering an area of 17.3 hectares. It is adjacent to the Futian District Government and many large residential areas, with a daily flow of nearly 10,000 people. Huanggang Park was established in December 1996 and was listed as one of the ten practical things the municipal government did for citizens in 1997. In September 1997, part of the park was completed and opened to the public. In March 2009, it was awarded the title of 'Five-Star Park' by the Municipal Urban Management Bureau. Huanggang Park Green"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Huanggang-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005659/10774633.png"
        title="Huanggang Park"
        description="Huanggang Park is located at the southern end of the north-south axis of Futian Central District, bordering Fuqiang Road to the south and Yitian Road to the west, covering an area of 17.3 hectares. It is adjacent to the Futian District Government and many large residential areas, with a daily flow of nearly 10,000 people. Huanggang Park was established in December 1996 and was listed as one of the ten practical things the municipal government did for citizens in 1997. In September 1997, part of the park was completed and opened to the public. In March 2009, it was awarded the title of 'Five-Star Park' by the Municipal Urban Management Bureau. Huanggang Park Green"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Huanggang-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10774633.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

