---
title: Lychee Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Litchi-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005961/10775287.jpg',
                title: 'Lychee Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005961/10775287.jpg',
                title: 'Lychee Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Special book bar tent area children's play water recreation sports
- Detailed Address: No. 1001, Hongling Middle Road, Huaqiang North Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-82095655
- Park Introduction: Shenzhen Lychee Park is located at the junction of Futian District and Luohu District, with Hongling Road to the east, Tongxin Road to the west, Shennan Road to the south, and Hongli Road to the north. The park was built in 1982 on the basis of 589 old lychee trees and a low-lying rice field by digging a lake, building a pavilion, building a bridge and paving a road. It was named after the continuous Lingnan lychee, a good fruit. The park covers an area of 300,000 square meters (of which lakes, ponds, pools and other water bodies account for 100,000 square meters). There are more than 20 tourist attractions and leisure and entertainment venues such as pavilions, platforms, towers, pavilions, waterside pavilions, small bridges, flower corridors, bamboo paths, dance halls, book bars, and amusement facilities. The park takes"elegance, seclusion, and tranquility" as the important guiding ideology of garden construction, creating a strong Lingnan style. The park's plant configuration is mainly based on the original lychee, supplemented by ornamental flowers and leaves. It is matched with the park's buildings and structures, showing a colorful tropical and subtropical Lingnan style. In order to improve the cultural taste of the park, the park invited famous experts in gardens, poetry, couplets, calligraphy, etc. in the Special Administrative Region to brainstorm and determine the names of more than 20 scenic spots after more than a year of hard work. It also invited calligraphy masters to write inscriptions and couplets, and masters to carve stones and inscribe plaques. The names of the scenic spots are matched with calligraphy, and the precious stones are finely crafted, showing noble taste. Visitors enjoy the scenery, appreciate the couplets, touch the stones, and find fun. Because the park is located in a busy city with magnificent buildings and heavy traffic, it has the reputation of"oasis in the busy city". After more than 30 years of careful construction, renovation, and improvement, the layout of scenic spots in the park is staggered and the scenery is pleasant. It has successively won the honorary titles of"safe and civilized community" and"garden-style, garden-style unit". In 2004, it was evaluated and reviewed by the Landscape Architecture Association and approved by the Municipal Urban Management Bureau and became a"five-star" park in Shenzhen.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Tour Route
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1334/1334627/10775287.png"
title="Lychee Park游玩路径图"
description="游玩路径示意图"
/>



## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Lychee Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Lychee Park"
    description=""
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Lychee Park"
    description=""
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 90 meters from Hongling Subway Station - Exit F, about 2 minutes" walk

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005962/10775288.jpg"
        title="Pat Sin Leng Park"
        description="Baxianling Park is located in Nanlian Community, Longgang Sub-district Office, Longgang District, Shenzhen City. It is bordered by Longgang Avenue in the north,"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Baxianling-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005962/10775288.jpg"
        title="Pat Sin Leng Park"
        description="Baxianling Park is located in Nanlian Community, Longgang Sub-district Office, Longgang District, Shenzhen City. It is bordered by Longgang Avenue in the north,"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Baxianling-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10775287.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

