---
title: Shenzhen Central Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Shenzhen-Central-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005660/10774634.jpg',
                title: 'Shenzhen Central Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005660/10774634.jpg',
                title: 'Shenzhen Central Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Cultural and historical features, book bar, tent area, children's play, water recreation, bird watching, sports
- Detailed Address: No. 1, Zhenhua West Road, Futian Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-83231133
- Park Introduction: Introduction to the Park Shenzhen Central Park was formerly known as the  '800-meter green belt', covering an area of 1.168 million square meters. The park is located in Futian District, starting from Binhe Road in the south, Sungang Road in the north, Huafu Road in the east, and Huanggang Road in the west. It is about 2.5 kilometers long from north to south and about 800 meters wide at its widest point from east to west. It was rebuilt into a municipal park in 1999 and officially opened on September 28 of the same year. The Central Park takes advocating nature and learning from nature as the guiding ideology of gardening. It mainly uses plants to create landscapes, making full use of the diversity of natural plant shapes and seasonal changes to create landscapes. The periphery of the park is a sparse forest lawn cultivated with palm plants as the main trunk tree species, forming a southern subtropical jungle scenery. The central part is a central lawn surrounded by dense forests, which opens up a quiet space in the downtown area while creating a forest. There are also artificial lakes, national fitness parks, etc. With the development of Shenzhen society, park culture has been continuously accumulated, and park facilities have been continuously improved. Various fitness equipment, sports facilities (tennis courts, football fields, basketball courts), and cultural squares have provided convenience for citizens' sports and fitness activities. The park has a sculpture scenic area. Futian River Basin Landscape, Urban Sculpture Landscape, Tropical Garden Landscape. Five meaningful urban sculptures: 1997 Return Sculpture, True Hero, Deep Blue (USA), Power (Germany), Pursuit (France). The Historical Central Park was one of the key projects of the Shenzhen Municipal Government in 1999 to do practical things for the people. Soon after its completion, Zhu Rongji, Li Peng and other central leaders visited and gave full affirmation. The guiding ideology of the planning and design follows the principles of biodiversity and landscape diversity to form a space for the symbiosis of people, plants and animals; starting from the ecology of local plant populations, grasping the ecological community habitat, and forming an ecological plant landscaping system. After completion, it will become a rare health and leisure green space and public entertainment venue in the city center, forming a scenic corridor in the city center. Based on the principle of"learning from nature and returning to nature", all hard landscape designs use natural materials, and use modern design techniques such as symmetry, variation, combination, superposition, deconstruction, etc., to strive to create new ideas and form a distinctive modern garden landscape.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Tour Route
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1333/1333575/10774634.jpg"
title="Shenzhen Central Park游玩路径图"
description="游玩路径示意图"
/>



## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Shenzhen Central Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Shenzhen Central Park"
    description=""
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Shenzhen Central Park"
    description=""
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 710 meters from Huaxin Subway Station - Exit F, about 11 minutes" walk

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005687/10774655.jpg"
        title="Shenzhen Bay Park"
        description="Shenzhen Bay Park is located on the coast of Shenzhen Bay in the southwest of Shenzhen City. It starts from the Futian Mangrove Bird Nature Reserve in the east,"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Shenzhen-Bay-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005687/10774655.jpg"
        title="Shenzhen Bay Park"
        description="Shenzhen Bay Park is located on the coast of Shenzhen Bay in the southwest of Shenzhen City. It starts from the Futian Mangrove Bird Nature Reserve in the east,"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Shenzhen-Bay-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10774634.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

