---
title: Xiangmi Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Xiangmi-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005957/10775275.jpg',
                title: 'Xiangmi Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005957/10775275.jpg',
                title: 'Xiangmi Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Tent area Special book bar Sports Children's play Water recreation Technological innovation Special flower scenery
- Detailed Address: No. 38, Nongyuan Road, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-83310537
- Park Introduction: Xiangmi Park was formerly the Agricultural Science Research Center of the Agricultural Science Group. In 2014, the Urban Management and Comprehensive Law Enforcement Bureau of Futian District officially started the construction work. According to the construction principle of"low impact on ecological protection, resource use and zero emission", the government"opened the door to consult" and widely solicited opinions and suggestions from all walks of life throughout the construction process, creating a precedent for the public to participate in the construction of parks in Shenzhen. After more than three years of hard construction, it was grandly opened on July 19, 2017, and quickly became a beautiful business card showing the beautiful image of Shenzhen. It was unanimously praised by the general public and scholars from all walks of life, and was praised by all walks of life as the municipal park with"the most beautiful landscape, the sweetest theme, and the most colorful functions". Cultural activities: The Xiangmi Park Cultural Season has been held for two consecutive years, and various theme activities have been held through the theme of the cultural season, such as the"Flowers and Full Moon" Lantern Riddle Meeting, the"Xiangmi Weiyang" Garden Party, the Bulb Flower Exhibition, the Rose Concert and other theme activities.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Tour Route
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1334/1334609/10775275.png"
title="Xiangmi Park游玩路径图"
description="游玩路径示意图"
/>



## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Xiangmi Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Xiangmi Park"
    description="(1) Rose Garden Roses represent love and romance. In the romantic rose garden is the most beautiful Futian District Civil Affairs Bureau in Shenzhen. When the roses bloom, write the sweetness of love in the rose garden filled with fragrance. The rose garden is also a popular check-in spot in the park and is loved by the majority of citizens and tourists. The park has introduced a variety of fine varieties and uses a variety of planting forms such as flower beds, flower hedges, flower belts, and flower trees to showcase the various styles of the rose garden. If you have the opportunity to see the rose garden from the air, the entire rose garden is designed in the shape of roses, which is more in line with the theme of the rose garden. (2) Ecological grass ditch & sponge city The sunken grass belts on both sides of the jogging path and the road are the ecological grass ditches set up by the park to practice sponge city. Xiangmi Park uses the site terrain and rainwater collection direction to design the landscape water system. The design of the park retains the original permeable natural area and woodland. All venues and buildings are set up on the original hardened area, which maximizes the function of the park as a sponge body. Xiangmi Park is based on the principles of public opening and ecological protection. On the premise of meeting the green space ecology, landscape, recreation and other basic functions, it is designed according to local conditions, combined with the existing terrain, existing fish ponds and low-lying land, and the landscape lake is designed. It not only highlights the characteristics of the park, but also recycles rainwater resources, and plays an important role in the construction of sponge cities. Huaxiang Lake and Huami Lake are the core landscapes of the park. At the same time, they also play a positive role in rainwater management and flood prevention in the surrounding areas of the city. (3) Xiangmi Wedding Center is located on Huami Lake. The white one is the Western-style wedding hall, and the red one is the Chinese-style wedding hall. The wedding center is a courtyard-style building with a construction area of about 800 square meters. The Chinese-style wedding hall and the Western-style wedding hall face each other by the water. The Futian District Marriage Registry inside can also freeze the love of the newlyweds. The newlyweds can get married in a large naturally grown rose garden and take Xiangmi Park as the starting point to a happy life."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Xiangmi Park"
    description="(1) Rose Garden Roses represent love and romance. In the romantic rose garden is the most beautiful Futian District Civil Affairs Bureau in Shenzhen. When the roses bloom, write the sweetness of love in the rose garden filled with fragrance. The rose garden is also a popular check-in spot in the park and is loved by the majority of citizens and tourists. The park has introduced a variety of fine varieties and uses a variety of planting forms such as flower beds, flower hedges, flower belts, and flower trees to showcase the various styles of the rose garden. If you have the opportunity to see the rose garden from the air, the entire rose garden is designed in the shape of roses, which is more in line with the theme of the rose garden. (2) Ecological grass ditch & sponge city The sunken grass belts on both sides of the jogging path and the road are the ecological grass ditches set up by the park to practice sponge city. Xiangmi Park uses the site terrain and rainwater collection direction to design the landscape water system. The design of the park retains the original permeable natural area and woodland. All venues and buildings are set up on the original hardened area, which maximizes the function of the park as a sponge body. Xiangmi Park is based on the principles of public opening and ecological protection. On the premise of meeting the green space ecology, landscape, recreation and other basic functions, it is designed according to local conditions, combined with the existing terrain, existing fish ponds and low-lying land, and the landscape lake is designed. It not only highlights the characteristics of the park, but also recycles rainwater resources, and plays an important role in the construction of sponge cities. Huaxiang Lake and Huami Lake are the core landscapes of the park. At the same time, they also play a positive role in rainwater management and flood prevention in the surrounding areas of the city. (3) Xiangmi Wedding Center is located on Huami Lake. The white one is the Western-style wedding hall, and the red one is the Chinese-style wedding hall. The wedding center is a courtyard-style building with a construction area of about 800 square meters. The Chinese-style wedding hall and the Western-style wedding hall face each other by the water. The Futian District Marriage Registry inside can also freeze the love of the newlyweds. The newlyweds can get married in a large naturally grown rose garden and take Xiangmi Park as the starting point to a happy life."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005691/10829254.jpg"
        title="Honghu Park"
        description="Honghu Park is located in Luohu District, Shenzhen. Planning and construction began in early 1984. It was partially completed and opened to the public in April "
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Honghu-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005691/10829254.jpg"
        title="Honghu Park"
        description="Honghu Park is located in Luohu District, Shenzhen. Planning and construction began in early 1984. It was partially completed and opened to the public in April "
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Honghu-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10775275.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

