---
title: Futian Mangrove Ecological Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Futian-Mangrove-Ecological-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005987/10775331.png',
                title: 'Futian Mangrove Ecological Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005987/10775331.png',
                title: 'Futian Mangrove Ecological Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: Natural Park
- Park Tags: Water recreation, coastal leisure, children's play, bird watching
- Detailed Address: Junction of Xinzhou South Road and Furong Road, Futian District
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-83622184
- Park Introduction: Futian Mangrove Ecological Park is located at the estuary where the Xinzhou River and the Shenzhen River meet. It is adjacent to the Futian Mangrove National Nature Reserve to the west and the Hong Kong Mai Po Nature Reserve, an internationally important wetland, to the south. Together, they are adjacent to the vast Shenzhen Bay area. The park covers an area of about 380,000 square meters and is divided into a tourist area, an ecological restoration area, and an ecological control area. It was officially opened to the public on December 26, 2015. As the surrounding area of the Futian National Nature Reserve, the district government is responsible for investment and implementation in line with the design concept of"ecological priority, combining art, popular science display, and easy management". In the"co-construction" model, it jointly built the Futian Mangrove Ecological Park with the Sixth Detachment of the Guangdong Provincial Public Security Border Corps, the Shenzhen Public Security Border Detachment, the Municipal Radio and Television Group, the Futian District People's Armed Forces Department and other units, integrating popular science education, seaside culture, natural landscape, leisure and sightseeing. Cultural activities Public education is an important part of environmental protection. Through public education, the public"s ecological literacy can be improved and the seeds of hope for wetland conservation can be sown. When you come to Futian Mangrove Ecological Park, you can visit the Mangrove Science Exhibition Hall, feel the innocence of childhood at the Natural Power Park, participate in the park's nature classroom under the guidance of volunteers, and become a volunteer to participate in environmental creation and public science activities.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Futian Mangrove Ecological Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Futian Mangrove Ecological Park"
    description="The natural force park is about 1,100 square meters, with water wells, sand piles, plant trails, balance wood mazes, drawing blackboards, percussion instruments, low building block tables, leaf hanging ropes, butterfly and insect catching areas, wood block areas and other children-friendly amusement facilities. It is a natural force park suitable for natural education for babies aged 0-3 years old. All its buildings and facilities are from plants in nature. The drawing blackboard, children can doodle on it, and can be wiped and painted repeatedly; the water wells and pools allow children to experience the fun of drawing well water; the low tables are covered with large logs and blocks, which can be assembled into different shapes; the balance wood maze can exercise balance and walk out of different paths; the sand pile is the favorite of children, bring a small shovel to feel the joy of digging sand; the butterfly and insect catching area encourages children to find various insects; the leaf hanging rope, with ropes hung on it, children go to find their favorite leaves to hang on, and the leaves fluttering in the wind have a different kind of fun. The big lake is an artificial lake, and the lake water is supplied by pumping seawater, and it is a saltwater lake. The small island in the center of the lake is an artificial floating island. Many water birds come here to spend the winter during the migratory bird season from November to April. In order to create a better resting space for water birds, a variety of mangrove plants such as bittern ferns and acanthus are planted on the floating island. The ecological floating island built in 2016 can already see little egrets, white-breasted bitterns and small grebes living in it. It has effectively changed the bird habitat of the lake, and at the same time has achieved the effect of purifying water quality and beautifying the environment. The fish-watching channel is the most interesting and magical design of the entire park. It is like a tunnel opened in a small hillside. There are surprises after walking in. On one side of the wall is a lifelike mangrove ecological wall painting. Common freshwater plants, flying birds, fish and insects in Shenzhen Bay can be realistically presented on the wall, as if it is a fresh and natural fairy tale world. On the other side is the observation deck, a good bird-watching spot. You can see the shell umbrella located opposite. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Futian Mangrove Ecological Park"
    description="The natural force park is about 1,100 square meters, with water wells, sand piles, plant trails, balance wood mazes, drawing blackboards, percussion instruments, low building block tables, leaf hanging ropes, butterfly and insect catching areas, wood block areas and other children-friendly amusement facilities. It is a natural force park suitable for natural education for babies aged 0-3 years old. All its buildings and facilities are from plants in nature. The drawing blackboard, children can doodle on it, and can be wiped and painted repeatedly; the water wells and pools allow children to experience the fun of drawing well water; the low tables are covered with large logs and blocks, which can be assembled into different shapes; the balance wood maze can exercise balance and walk out of different paths; the sand pile is the favorite of children, bring a small shovel to feel the joy of digging sand; the butterfly and insect catching area encourages children to find various insects; the leaf hanging rope, with ropes hung on it, children go to find their favorite leaves to hang on, and the leaves fluttering in the wind have a different kind of fun. The big lake is an artificial lake, and the lake water is supplied by pumping seawater, and it is a saltwater lake. The small island in the center of the lake is an artificial floating island. Many water birds come here to spend the winter during the migratory bird season from November to April. In order to create a better resting space for water birds, a variety of mangrove plants such as bittern ferns and acanthus are planted on the floating island. The ecological floating island built in 2016 can already see little egrets, white-breasted bitterns and small grebes living in it. It has effectively changed the bird habitat of the lake, and at the same time has achieved the effect of purifying water quality and beautifying the environment. The fish-watching channel is the most interesting and magical design of the entire park. It is like a tunnel opened in a small hillside. There are surprises after walking in. On one side of the wall is a lifelike mangrove ecological wall painting. Common freshwater plants, flying birds, fish and insects in Shenzhen Bay can be realistically presented on the wall, as if it is a fresh and natural fairy tale world. On the other side is the observation deck, a good bird-watching spot. You can see the shell umbrella located opposite."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005880/10775047.png"
        title="Gooseneck Wetland Park"
        description="The Goose Neck Water Wetland Park is located at the intersection of the Goose Ne"
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/WetlandPark/Ejingshui Wetland Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005880/10775047.png"
        title="Gooseneck Wetland Park"
        description="The Goose Neck Water Wetland Park is located at the intersection of the Goose Ne"
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/WetlandPark/Ejingshui Wetland Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/zrgy/content/post_10775331.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

