---
title: People's Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/People's-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005692/10774669.jpg',
                title: 'Peoples Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005692/10774669.jpg',
                title: 'Peoples Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Luohu District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Children's play and sports, flower scene, book bar
- Detailed Address: No. 3071, Renmin North Road, Luohu District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-82236346
- Park Introduction: Shenzhen People's Park is located in Luohu District, Shenzhen, covering an area of 11.41 hectares. It was built in 1983 and is one of the earliest parks opened in Shenzhen. The whole park is divided into four functional areas: rose garden area, sports and recreation area, sightseeing and leisure area, and nursery area, with a total of more than 20 garden attractions. Plants, mountain scenery, arch bridges, lakes, pavilions and terraces complement each other, and the lakes are crisscrossed and the mountains and rivers are connected, creating an intoxicating tropical atmosphere. The park takes roses as the theme flower and is unique in rose cultivation, research, appreciation and rose culture. With the purpose of"inheriting rose culture and creating a harmonious life", it actively carries out rose cultural activities and holds a series of colorful rose cultural and art exhibitions. Especially during the frozen Spring Festival holiday in the north, the roses in the northern region have already been protected from the cold and wintered, and the annual rose flower exhibition in People's Park has been grandly opened. The colorful and fragrant roses are even more fascinating and breathtaking. The park has long been committed to planting roses and promoting rose culture in the tropical region of South Asia, and has achieved remarkable results and won wide acclaim. In 1989, it was awarded the title of"China Southern Rose Center" by the Rose Branch of the China Flower Association; in 1999, it represented Guangdong Province in the"China 99 Kunming World Horticultural Exposition", and its potted rose works won more than ten gold, silver and bronze awards; in 2004, it participated in the Fifth World Horticultural Exposition and its rose bonsai work"Spring" won the silver award for bonsai art; in 2005, it participated in the first China Rose Exhibition and its rose bonsai work won the gold award; it was awarded the title of 'Five-Star Park' by the Shenzhen Municipal Urban Management and Comprehensive Law Enforcement Bureau, and in 2006, it participated in the"Second China Rose Exhibition" in Beijing, and its"Rose Bonsai" work won the silver award; and its"Tree Rose" won the gold, silver and bronze awards. In 2008, the garden participated in the"Special Flower Exhibition of the Third China International Garden and Flower Expo" in Shenyang, and won the gold medal for"Rose Bonsai". In 2009, it won the title of the first world famous rose garden in China awarded by the World Federation of Chinese Roses (WFRS). In 2010, the garden participated in the"Fourth China Rose Exhibition" in Changzhou, and won the special gold medal for"Landscape Art"; the gold medal for"Booth Arrangement"; the gold, silver and bronze medals for"Tree Rose"; and the gold medal for"Rose Bonsai". In 2012, the garden participated in the"Fifth China Rose Exhibition" in Sanya, and won the silver medal for"Landscape Art"; the gold, silver and bronze medals for"Tree Rose"; the gold medal for"Rose Bonsai"; the gold medal for"Potted Rose"; and the two gold medals and two silver medals for"Flower Arrangement Art". In 2014, the rose garden was rated as the best plant specialty garden in the country by the China Park Association.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab People's Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="People's Park"
    description="Shenzhen is located on the coast of the South China Sea and has a subtropical monsoon climate with long summers and short winters. There is no extreme heat in summer and no severe cold in winter. There is plenty of sunshine and abundant rainfall. The unique climatic conditions make the People's Park rich in plant species. There are more than 70 families and more than 400 species of trees, shrubs and herbs, including more than 5,000 trees, and 80,000 square meters of shrubs and herbs. The park's plant coverage rate is more than 90%. Trees, shrubs and grasses are planted in multiple layers, forming a colorful plant landscape. In particular, the Rose Garden, which covers an area of about 20,000 square meters, is surrounded by lakes on all sides, with a gentle and open terrain. Colorful roses are planted in large areas, blooming all year round. It is a holy place for citizens to appreciate the posture, shape, color and rhyme of roses, and it is also an important place for the park to hold rose cultural activities. The park began planting roses in 1985 and designated roses as the theme flower of the park in 1989. After more than 20 years of unremitting efforts, the summer dormancy mechanism of roses has been effectively solved, and a set of rose cultivation techniques suitable for the south has been summarized, so that roses can bloom all year round, attracting many rose experts, enthusiasts and citizens to visit and learn. More than 10,000 roses of about 300 varieties are planted in the park all year round. The most distinctive features are the tree-shaped roses and rose bonsai cultivated by the park, which have won gold medals at the Kunming World Horticultural Exposition and the National Rose Exhibition. The park holds a large-scale rose exhibition during the Spring Festival every year, and has successfully held 23 sessions. At the same time, it holds cultural activities such as rose science popularization, calligraphy and painting poetry, photography, and rose artworks in conjunction with the rose exhibition, which has accumulated a rich rose cultural heritage. The park's rose flower activities have been deeply loved by citizens."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="People's Park"
    description="Shenzhen is located on the coast of the South China Sea and has a subtropical monsoon climate with long summers and short winters. There is no extreme heat in summer and no severe cold in winter. There is plenty of sunshine and abundant rainfall. The unique climatic conditions make the People's Park rich in plant species. There are more than 70 families and more than 400 species of trees, shrubs and herbs, including more than 5,000 trees, and 80,000 square meters of shrubs and herbs. The park's plant coverage rate is more than 90%. Trees, shrubs and grasses are planted in multiple layers, forming a colorful plant landscape. In particular, the Rose Garden, which covers an area of about 20,000 square meters, is surrounded by lakes on all sides, with a gentle and open terrain. Colorful roses are planted in large areas, blooming all year round. It is a holy place for citizens to appreciate the posture, shape, color and rhyme of roses, and it is also an important place for the park to hold rose cultural activities. The park began planting roses in 1985 and designated roses as the theme flower of the park in 1989. After more than 20 years of unremitting efforts, the summer dormancy mechanism of roses has been effectively solved, and a set of rose cultivation techniques suitable for the south has been summarized, so that roses can bloom all year round, attracting many rose experts, enthusiasts and citizens to visit and learn. More than 10,000 roses of about 300 varieties are planted in the park all year round. The most distinctive features are the tree-shaped roses and rose bonsai cultivated by the park, which have won gold medals at the Kunming World Horticultural Exposition and the National Rose Exhibition. The park holds a large-scale rose exhibition during the Spring Festival every year, and has successfully held 23 sessions. At the same time, it holds cultural activities such as rose science popularization, calligraphy and painting poetry, photography, and rose artworks in conjunction with the rose exhibition, which has accumulated a rich rose cultural heritage. The park's rose flower activities have been deeply loved by citizens."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005696/10774684.jpg"
        title="Shigushan Park"
        description="Shigushan Park, located in Qingguwan, Xili, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, is also known as 'Shigushan'. It is adjacent to Shahe West Road in the east, Xinguang Roa"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Shigushan-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005696/10774684.jpg"
        title="Shigushan Park"
        description="Shigushan Park, located in Qingguwan, Xili, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, is also known as 'Shigushan'. It is adjacent to Shahe West Road in the east, Xinguang Roa"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Shigushan-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10774669.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

