---
title: Honghu Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Honghu-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005691/10829254.jpg',
                title: 'Honghu Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005691/10829254.jpg',
                title: 'Honghu Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Luohu District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Special flower landscape, bird watching, water recreation, special book bar, tent area, sports
- Detailed Address: No. 2023, Wenjin North Road, Luohu District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-25628811
- Park Introduction: Honghu Park is located in Luohu District, Shenzhen. Planning and construction began in early 1984. It was partially completed and opened to the public in April 1985. It covers an area of about 59.15 hectares. It is an urban comprehensive park with lotus and bald cypress landscape as its features and water as its main body. Honghu Park has natural ecology and beautiful scenery in all seasons. You can enjoy rain and dew in spring, lotus in summer, cypress forest in autumn, and migratory birds in winter. It is deeply loved by citizens. Feature 1 - Shenzhen's spring and summer lotus viewing holy land Lotus is the theme flower of Honghu Park. Since its establishment, the park has been committed to the creation of lotus landscape, the dissemination of lotus culture, the protection of lotus germplasm resources, and the development of lotus scientific research and popularization. At present, it has basically formed a lotus characteristic park integrating lotus appreciation, protection, and popularization. The"Pinhe Garden" in the park, which covers an area of about 12,000 square meters, was built in 2013. It is mainly used for the popularization and display of lotus boutiques. It is a"boutique garden, a garden in the garden" for lotus appreciation and popularization. The"Juheyuan" lotus production base built in 2021 is about 5,000 square meters, mainly used for the collection, preservation, production and scientific research of plants of the Lotus and Nymphaeaceae families. Honghu Park currently collects and preserves about 580 species/varieties of the Lotus family, about 50 species/varieties of the Nymphaeaceae family, and about 50 species of aquatic plants. Since 1988, the park has held a lotus exhibition every year, and hosted the 9th National Lotus Exhibition in 1995. The lotus exhibition revolves around the theme of lotus, constantly innovating, and promoting the spread of lotus and lotus culture through various activities such as lotus photography, flower arrangement, calligraphy and painting, charity performances, lotus classes, bowl lotus cultivation technology competitions, and the search for twin lotuses. It is deeply loved by Shenzhen citizens and has become an ideal place for Shenzhen people to appreciate and chant lotus. Feature 2: The largest bald cypress community in South China. The park's landscape is mainly plant-based, using traditional Chinese gardening techniques, rich garden materials and numerous plant varieties to create many beautiful plant landscapes, such as the majestic barrier-style bald cypress water landscape, the broad and gentle tropical lawn sparse forest landscape, the bird-throwing forest and the heron-playing ecological landscape of Lianxiang Lake, the lotus summer scene of Lianxiang Lake, the water lily winter scene of Jingyi Lake, and the royal lotus of Yingri Lake. The park's green space, embankments, and islands are also equipped with spring, summer, autumn, and winter plants according to different seasons, allowing visitors to truly experience the continuous flowers from spring to autumn, and the landscape in the hot summer and severe winter. The bald cypress community standing by the lake in the southern half of Honghu Park is the largest bald cypress community in South China. Bald cypress has lush branches and leaves, and the leaves are green in spring and summer, and gradually turn dark red in autumn and winter. Different landscape effects are formed in different seasons, like a series of colorful oil paintings. Feature 3 - Public Library on Lotus Island In 2021, in order to further enhance the park's culture and service quality and meet the high-quality, humanized and diversified people's livelihood service needs, the park, in combination with the characteristics of lotus, will renovate and upgrade the old lotus exhibition hall on Lotus Island to create this brand-new"Lotus Beauty Space". The"Lotus Beauty Space" has a total area of about 700 square meters and is divided into four functional areas: Lotus Academy, Qinghe Lecture Hall, Nature Classroom and Honghu Exhibition Hall. It is a public leisure space that integrates reading, exhibition, leisure, science education, cultural activities and other services. In the future, Honghu Park will continue to explore new ways to revitalize properties, continuously improve park venues and facilities, tap into more park cultural connotations, achieve the integration of beautiful environment, high-quality services and excellent culture, and meet the people's growing demand for a better life.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Tour Route
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1333/1333672/10829254.png"
title="Honghu Park游玩路径图"
description="游玩路径示意图"
/>



## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Honghu Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Honghu Park"
    description=""
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Honghu Park"
    description=""
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 230 meters from Honghu Subway Station - Exit B, about 4 minutes" walk

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005660/10774634.jpg"
        title="Shenzhen Central Park"
        description="Introduction to the Park Shenzhen Central Park was formerly known as the '800-meter green belt', covering an area of 1.168 million square meters. The park is loc"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Shenzhen Central Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005660/10774634.jpg"
        title="Shenzhen Central Park"
        description="Introduction to the Park Shenzhen Central Park was formerly known as the '800-meter green belt', covering an area of 1.168 million square meters. The park is loc"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Shenzhen Central Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10829254.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

