---
title: East Lake Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Donghu-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005690/10774665.jpg',
                title: 'East Lake Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005690/10774665.jpg',
                title: 'East Lake Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Luohu District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Water recreation, sports, hiking, tent area, children's play, bird watching
- Detailed Address: No. 4006, Aiguo Road, Luohu District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-25429205 (Monday to Friday, 8:30-17:30)
- Park Introduction: East Lake Park is located in the eastern part of Shenzhen City, connected to Wutong Mountain in the east, Aiguo Road in the west, Shensha Highway and Yanhebei Road in the south, and the main dam of Shenzhen Reservoir in the north. It covers an area of 193.21 hectares and is the earliest comprehensive municipal park established in Shenzhen. East Lake Park was originally named"Reservoir Park" and was built in 1961. In order to solve the problem of drinking water for Hong Kong compatriots, Premier Zhou Enlai personally instructed the construction of Shenzhen Reservoir. Comrade Tao Zhu, then the first secretary of the Guangdong Provincial Party Committee, presided over the construction of Shenzhen Reservoir and built scenic spots such as Lao Le Pavilion, Hua Ting, Red Building, and Long Corridor on the Chigeng Mountain beside the reservoir, forming the Chigeng Mountain Scenic Area. In May 1963, former Vice President Dong Biwu inspected the reservoir and personally inscribed"Lao Le Pavilion" to commemorate and praise the merits of Bao'an people in building Shenzhen Reservoir. In 1966, Shenzhen Reservoir Park was officially opened to the public and became a good place for Shenzhen citizens and Hong Kong compatriots to visit and travel. This is the predecessor of today"s East Lake Park. In June 1978, the Shenzhen Reservoir Park Management Office was established, and in October 1984, it was renamed"Shenzhen East Lake Park". In 2015, with the approval of the municipal government, the name of Shenzhen East Lake Wetland Park (municipal level) was added.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab East Lake Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="East Lake Park"
    description="The red line area of East Lake Park is now 152.59 hectares. The main scenic spots include Chigeng Mountain Scenic Area, Eastern Leisure Area, Ornamental Flower and Tree Garden, Azalea Garden, Bonsai World, Arboretum, Ancient Tree Garden, Fishing Area, Palm Garden, Artificial Lake, Agarwood Pavilion, Buddhist Cultural Park Scenic Area, Children's Play Area, Fun Animal Garden, etc.; there are also large-scale entertainment and recreational facilities such as Cultural Square, Hongli Painting and Calligraphy Museum, Gateball Court, Tennis Court, Fitness Park, Gu Dui Ridge Hiking Trail, Xiling Hiking Trail in the park. The mountain of East Lake Park is connected to Wutong Mountain, and it is rich in animal and plant resources. The old park has obvious plant advantages, with evergreen tree species such as Ficus genus, Taiwan Acacia, and Water Apple as the keynote tree species, and flowering trees such as Royal Bauhinia, Royal Poinciana, and Big Leaf Crape Myrtle as the main tone tree species. On the evergreen background of the four seasons, the scenery is spectacular in all seasons. It is a good place to appreciate Royal Bauhinia, Royal Poinciana, Big Leaf Crape Myrtle, Azalea, and Bird of Paradise. In the ancient tree garden of East Lake Park, there are 5 century-old trees transplanted from Caiwuwei, including fish trees, banyan trees, hackberry trees, and oblique-leaved banyan trees, forming a more beautiful ancient tree park. There are hiking trails on the West Ridge and Gudui Ridge of the park. At the same time, Greenway No. 5 in Luohu District connects East Lake Park with Shenzhen Reservoir and Xianhu Botanical Garden. The Chrysanthemum Exhibition is an annual flower event in East Lake Park. It has been held since 1984. The flower exhibition was originally called the East Lake Autumn Chrysanthemum Exhibition. It mainly displays traditional chrysanthemum works such as large standing chrysanthemums, tree chrysanthemums, and variety chrysanthemums. It has been held for 33 sessions so far and is held in late November every year. East Lake Park is beautiful with clear water and mountains, and the scenery is pleasant. You can watch the mountains when you are quiet and the water when you are moving. It has both beautiful and unique natural scenery and a long history and culture."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="East Lake Park"
    description="The red line area of East Lake Park is now 152.59 hectares. The main scenic spots include Chigeng Mountain Scenic Area, Eastern Leisure Area, Ornamental Flower and Tree Garden, Azalea Garden, Bonsai World, Arboretum, Ancient Tree Garden, Fishing Area, Palm Garden, Artificial Lake, Agarwood Pavilion, Buddhist Cultural Park Scenic Area, Children's Play Area, Fun Animal Garden, etc.; there are also large-scale entertainment and recreational facilities such as Cultural Square, Hongli Painting and Calligraphy Museum, Gateball Court, Tennis Court, Fitness Park, Gu Dui Ridge Hiking Trail, Xiling Hiking Trail in the park. The mountain of East Lake Park is connected to Wutong Mountain, and it is rich in animal and plant resources. The old park has obvious plant advantages, with evergreen tree species such as Ficus genus, Taiwan Acacia, and Water Apple as the keynote tree species, and flowering trees such as Royal Bauhinia, Royal Poinciana, and Big Leaf Crape Myrtle as the main tone tree species. On the evergreen background of the four seasons, the scenery is spectacular in all seasons. It is a good place to appreciate Royal Bauhinia, Royal Poinciana, Big Leaf Crape Myrtle, Azalea, and Bird of Paradise. In the ancient tree garden of East Lake Park, there are 5 century-old trees transplanted from Caiwuwei, including fish trees, banyan trees, hackberry trees, and oblique-leaved banyan trees, forming a more beautiful ancient tree park. There are hiking trails on the West Ridge and Gudui Ridge of the park. At the same time, Greenway No. 5 in Luohu District connects East Lake Park with Shenzhen Reservoir and Xianhu Botanical Garden. The Chrysanthemum Exhibition is an annual flower event in East Lake Park. It has been held since 1984. The flower exhibition was originally called the East Lake Autumn Chrysanthemum Exhibition. It mainly displays traditional chrysanthemum works such as large standing chrysanthemums, tree chrysanthemums, and variety chrysanthemums. It has been held for 33 sessions so far and is held in late November every year. East Lake Park is beautiful with clear water and mountains, and the scenery is pleasant. You can watch the mountains when you are quiet and the water when you are moving. It has both beautiful and unique natural scenery and a long history and culture."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 520 meters from Liantang Port Subway Station - Exit B, about 8 minutes" walk

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1333/1333606/10774645.jpg"
        title="Dasha River Ecological Corridor"
        description="The Dasha River Ecological Corridor, which runs from the Changlingpi Reservoir of the Dasha River to the Shenzhen Bay estuary, is about 13.7 kilometers long and"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Dasha-River-Ecological-Corridor/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1333/1333606/10774645.jpg"
        title="Dasha River Ecological Corridor"
        description="The Dasha River Ecological Corridor, which runs from the Changlingpi Reservoir of the Dasha River to the Shenzhen Bay estuary, is about 13.7 kilometers long and"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Dasha-River-Ecological-Corridor/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10774665.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

