---
title: Shenzhen North Station Central Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Shenzhen-North-Station-Central-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005717/10829325.jpg',
                title: 'Shenzhen North Station Central Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005717/10829325.jpg',
                title: 'Shenzhen North Station Central Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Longhua District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Sports, water recreation, children's play, special flower scenery, special book bar, tent area
- Detailed Address: Opposite to Shenzhen North Station West Plaza
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-21010471
- Park Introduction: Shenzhen North Station Central Park is located on Zhiyuan Middle Road in the east, across the road from Shenzhen North Station West Square, and in the same vein as the Yaji Mountains. The park covers an area of about 170,000 square meters. The park is divided into five major areas: image display area, exchange activity area, active sports area, natural forest area, and water-friendly landscape area. It has 14 scenic spots including"Sparse Shadow Square, Water Curtain Square, Landscape Square, Starlight Lawn, Genting Book Bar, Cherry Blossom Garden, Bauhinia Garden, Children's Park, Thousand-Layer Stone Scenery, Yinyue Lake, Yingxia Bay, Circular Flower Waterfall, Sky Corridor, and Sports World".

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:30-23:00

:::

## Tour Route
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1333/1333789/10829325.jpg"
title="Shenzhen North Station Central Park游玩路径图"
description="游玩路径示意图"
/>



## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Shenzhen North Station Central Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Shenzhen North Station Central Park"
    description="(1) Cherry Blossom Garden: With cherry blossom as the theme flower, a place for viewing cherry blossoms and getting close to cherry blossoms is created in the downtown area. When the cherry blossoms are in full bloom, the green base is dotted with girlish pink, adding a romantic atmosphere to the entire park. (2) Bauhinia Garden: With the native tree species Bauhinia rubra (Bauhinia occidentalis) as the main tree, the spring flower viewing is the feature. During the blooming period, a scene of 'people in the flowers, flowers flying everywhere' is presented, creating an artistic conception of flowers blooming and falling. (3) Shuying Square: The square is located at the main entrance of the park and is an important node connecting the park and Shenzhen North Station. By planting cherry blossom kapok, purple-flowered trumpet tree, Chinese hackberry and other plants, a sparse and atmospheric plant landscape is created. The square is the best season for flower viewing in winter and spring. The spectacular pink flowers are reflected in the mirror-like water in the center of the square. The landscape combines virtuality and reality harmoniously, and it is difficult to distinguish between movement and stillness, which makes people linger. (4) Water curtain square: The square is located at the north entrance of the park. The frame set in the central waterscape and the lake view in front of it outline a beautiful picture; and the water curtain landscape with a strong sense of rhythm in the frame is not only a scene in itself, but also provides citizens with an opportunity to watch and play in the water. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Shenzhen North Station Central Park"
    description="(1) Cherry Blossom Garden: With cherry blossom as the theme flower, a place for viewing cherry blossoms and getting close to cherry blossoms is created in the downtown area. When the cherry blossoms are in full bloom, the green base is dotted with girlish pink, adding a romantic atmosphere to the entire park. (2) Bauhinia Garden: With the native tree species Bauhinia rubra (Bauhinia occidentalis) as the main tree, the spring flower viewing is the feature. During the blooming period, a scene of 'people in the flowers, flowers flying everywhere' is presented, creating an artistic conception of flowers blooming and falling. (3) Shuying Square: The square is located at the main entrance of the park and is an important node connecting the park and Shenzhen North Station. By planting cherry blossom kapok, purple-flowered trumpet tree, Chinese hackberry and other plants, a sparse and atmospheric plant landscape is created. The square is the best season for flower viewing in winter and spring. The spectacular pink flowers are reflected in the mirror-like water in the center of the square. The landscape combines virtuality and reality harmoniously, and it is difficult to distinguish between movement and stillness, which makes people linger. (4) Water curtain square: The square is located at the north entrance of the park. The frame set in the central waterscape and the lake view in front of it outline a beautiful picture; and the water curtain landscape with a strong sense of rhythm in the frame is not only a scene in itself, but also provides citizens with an opportunity to watch and play in the water. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 980 meters from Shenzhen North Station Metro Station - Exit C, about 14 minutes walk

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005711/10774696.jpg"
        title="Futian-Children's Park"
        description="Shenzhen Children's Park is located west of Nonglin Road, south of Qiaoxiang Road, and east of Guangzhou-Shenzhen Expressway in Futian District. It covers an ar"
        href="/en/SpecializedPark/ChildrenPark/Children's Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005711/10774696.jpg"
        title="Futian-Children's Park"
        description="Shenzhen Children's Park is located west of Nonglin Road, south of Qiaoxiang Road, and east of Guangzhou-Shenzhen Expressway in Futian District. It covers an ar"
        href="/en/SpecializedPark/ChildrenPark/Children's Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10829325.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

