---
title: Pinghu Ecological Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Pinghu-Ecological-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005798/10774861.jpg',
                title: 'Pinghu Ecological Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005798/10774861.jpg',
                title: 'Pinghu Ecological Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Longgang District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Wetland landscape with special flowers
- Detailed Address: No. 1, Ecological Park Road, Shangmugu Community, Pinghu Street, Longgang District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-89218355
- Park Introduction: Pinghu Ecological Park is located in Shangmugu Community, Pinghu Subdistrict, south of Fu'an West Road, west of Pingji Avenue, and north of Jihe Expressway. It is the original mountain green forest in the natural landscape area between Gankeng Reservoir and Miaokeng Reservoir. The entire ecological park covers an area of about 3,500 mu, of which 2,500 mu are flat land and hillsides, and 1,000 mu are water bodies. It belongs to the Gankeng Wetland Reservoir area, and the water body is also the only guaranteed self-owned living water source in Pinghu. The park is close to the natural ecology. The whole park is dominated by green mountains and green waters. It is a good place for leisure and tourism for residents in Pinghu Subdistrict and surrounding areas.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-22:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Pinghu Ecological Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Pinghu Ecological Park"
    description="The sea of flowers (yellow bellflowers and royal pink bauhinia), Qiuyue Square, viewing pond, Miaokeng and Gankeng reservoirs, reed flower wetland and other special scenic spots. Sea of flowers (yellow bellflowers and royal pink bauhinia). Every spring, from the entrance near the DCC Cultural and Creative Park of the Ecological Park to Qiuyue Square, the mountains of yellow bellflowers are stunningly blooming. Looking around, the yellow bell trees are like wearing a 'golden armor', which is magnificent. The wind bell trees stand in a row, and they look like silk woven with yellow ribbons, which are stunning and strong. The flowers sway and smell fragrant in the spring light. Many citizens came to hear the news and enjoy the spring scenery under the warm sun. In recent years, the Ecological Park has also planted another equally ornamental royal pink bauhinia. The royal pink bauhinia, also known as the white heart flower, has pink or lavender petals, large and colorful flowers and fragrance. It is an excellent ornamental tree species. Royal Bauhinia and Yellow Wind Chimes compete with each other for splendor, sharing the spring colors equally, forming a brilliant and luxurious sea of flowers."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Pinghu Ecological Park"
    description="The sea of flowers (yellow bellflowers and royal pink bauhinia), Qiuyue Square, viewing pond, Miaokeng and Gankeng reservoirs, reed flower wetland and other special scenic spots. Sea of flowers (yellow bellflowers and royal pink bauhinia). Every spring, from the entrance near the DCC Cultural and Creative Park of the Ecological Park to Qiuyue Square, the mountains of yellow bellflowers are stunningly blooming. Looking around, the yellow bell trees are like wearing a 'golden armor', which is magnificent. The wind bell trees stand in a row, and they look like silk woven with yellow ribbons, which are stunning and strong. The flowers sway and smell fragrant in the spring light. Many citizens came to hear the news and enjoy the spring scenery under the warm sun. In recent years, the Ecological Park has also planted another equally ornamental royal pink bauhinia. The royal pink bauhinia, also known as the white heart flower, has pink or lavender petals, large and colorful flowers and fragrance. It is an excellent ornamental tree species. Royal Bauhinia and Yellow Wind Chimes compete with each other for splendor, sharing the spring colors equally, forming a brilliant and luxurious sea of flowers."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 370 meters from Exit D of Hua Nan City Subway Station, about 6 minutes’ walk

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005799/10774862.png"
        title="Bihaiwan Park"
        description="Bihaiwan Park is located in the north of Xinhu Road, Xixiang, with Haiwan Middle School and Xixiang Sports Center in the east, the Pearl River Estuary in the so"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Bihaiwan-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005799/10774862.png"
        title="Bihaiwan Park"
        description="Bihaiwan Park is located in the north of Xinhu Road, Xixiang, with Haiwan Middle School and Xixiang Sports Center in the east, the Pearl River Estuary in the so"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Bihaiwan-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10774861.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

