---
title: Dragon City Plaza
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Longcheng-Square/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005808/10774903.jpg',
                title: 'Dragon City Plaza',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005808/10774903.jpg',
                title: 'Dragon City Plaza',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Longgang District
- Park Category: City Park
- Detailed Address: Next to the District Government, Longxiang Avenue, Longgang District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-89562203
- Park Introduction: Longcheng Square is located in the core area of Longcheng Street, covering an area of 55,800 square meters. It is adjacent to the Longgang District Government in the north, the Longgang District Cultural Center in the east, the Longgang District"Three Museums and One City" (Red Cube) in the west, and the Vankeli Commercial Center in the south. Longcheng Square is located in the center of the political, cultural, scientific and commercial areas of Longgang District and is a landmark building in Longgang District. The square integrates culture, entertainment, gatherings and leisure. From north to south, it is divided into three functional areas: the Municipal Square, the Sunken Performance Square and the Nine Dragons Giant Sculpture. It has successfully held many large-scale literary evenings, cultural festivals and large-scale events. In October 1999, Premier Zhu Rongji visited the square and praised it as comparable to the Municipal Cultural Square in Venice, Italy. In 1998, it was rated as the first of the"First Ten Best Cultural Squares in Guangdong Province". In 1999, it was rated as one of the"Top Ten Landmark Buildings in Guangdong Province for the 50th Anniversary of the Founding of New China". In 2009, it won the honor of the third national characteristic cultural square.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 0:00-24:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Dragon City Plaza
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Dragon City Plaza"
    description="Dragon City Square is a beautiful landscape in Shenzhen. Two sets of musical fountains are located in the open municipal square in the north and the sunken performance square in the middle. The pool fountains are equipped with music and underwater lights. The central stage is located in the middle. The stage is higher than the ground. There are 12 Roman columns and 2 landscape corridors. Landscape lights are installed on the top of the columns and corridors. The giant sculpture of Kowloon is located in the south. The giant dragon stands in the center of the pool. There are 8 small dragons around the pool looking at each other. The dragon body is made of bronze. The giant dragon sculpture is equipped with a lighting system. In the evening, the giant dragon swims in the colorful auspicious clouds, and the nine dragons echo each other, which is magnificent. The sculpture is lifelike, bright and colorful. There is a large TV screen on the lawn in the west of the north, which broadcasts TV every night, attracting many tourists. In addition, weekend special movies are open for free, and flowers are arranged during festivals to create a flower bed landscape."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Dragon City Plaza"
    description="Dragon City Square is a beautiful landscape in Shenzhen. Two sets of musical fountains are located in the open municipal square in the north and the sunken performance square in the middle. The pool fountains are equipped with music and underwater lights. The central stage is located in the middle. The stage is higher than the ground. There are 12 Roman columns and 2 landscape corridors. Landscape lights are installed on the top of the columns and corridors. The giant sculpture of Kowloon is located in the south. The giant dragon stands in the center of the pool. There are 8 small dragons around the pool looking at each other. The dragon body is made of bronze. The giant dragon sculpture is equipped with a lighting system. In the evening, the giant dragon swims in the colorful auspicious clouds, and the nine dragons echo each other, which is magnificent. The sculpture is lifelike, bright and colorful. There is a large TV screen on the lawn in the west of the north, which broadcasts TV every night, attracting many tourists. In addition, weekend special movies are open for free, and flowers are arranged during festivals to create a flower bed landscape."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005809/10774904.png"
        title="Nanchang Park"
        description="Nanchang Park is located near Exit F of Gushu Station on Metro Line 1 and belongs to Nanchang Community. The park covers an area of 68,500 square meters. It has"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Nanchang Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005809/10774904.png"
        title="Nanchang Park"
        description="Nanchang Park is located near Exit F of Gushu Station on Metro Line 1 and belongs to Nanchang Community. The park covers an area of 68,500 square meters. It has"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Nanchang Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag | Data Source | Update Time |
| ---- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| [1] | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10774903.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

