---
title: Huilongpu Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/ComprehensivePark/Huilongpu-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005822/10774925.jpg',
                title: 'Huilongpu Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005822/10774925.jpg',
                title: 'Huilongpu Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Longgang District
- Park Category: City Park
- Park Tags: Children's recreational sports
- Detailed Address: No. 12, Changxing Road, Longcheng Street, Longgang District
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-28926514
- Park Introduction: Huilongpu Park in Longgang District is located at No. 12, Changxing Road, Longcheng Street, Longgang District. It is adjacent to Yanlong Avenue in the north, Huilong Road in the south, Changxing Road in the east, and Xietong Road in the west. It covers a total area of 114,086.34 square meters. Huilongpu Park is adjacent to large living areas in the surrounding area and is a supporting community park. The park is equipped with two parking lots in the west and north, two public toilets, 120 garden lights, 118 lawn lights and other facilities. In 2020, the first child-friendly park in Longgang District was built in the park. In the same year, the greening of the east and west gates was improved. After completion, the entire park has a new look. It now integrates fitness, leisure, children's play, and gatherings. It is the best choice for surrounding residents, especially children, for leisure and entertainment.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-22:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Huilongpu Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title= 'Huilongpu Park'
    description="East Gate of Huilongpu Park: On the marble on the left side of the east gate are five golden characters 'Huilongpu Park', which are particularly eye-catching from a distance. Climbing up the stairs from here, you can see the children's playground and the central square; to the left is the Sun and Moon Palace, and on the right stands a large stone with the five characters 'Huilongpu Park' engraved on it, surrounded by lush green plants. West Gate of Huilongpu Park: In front of the west gate is a large lawn like a green carpet. In the middle of the lawn stands a giant stone engraved with the eye-catching red characters 'Huilongpu Park'. There are spacious garden paths on the left and right, with tall trees on both sides. The left leads to the public toilet and the management office, connecting to the north gate. To the right is a criss-crossing tree-lined path leading to the pavilion and the mountaintop viewing platform. Winding and winding, a scene every few steps. Child-friendly park: Covering an area of about 5,300 square meters, it is divided into five areas: step landscape area, innocent play area, children's adventure area, fitness area, and passage area. There are child-friendly facilities such as children's climbing, swings, slides, rocking, as well as children's activity sand pools, parent rest corridors, etc. Children's Playground Flower Border: The small hillside located in the center of the children's playground, after the soil was improved before May 1, 2022, various flowers and herbs were planted, surrounding a graceful poinciana tree, becoming a beautiful scenic spot for citizens to check in and take pictures. Water Lily Pond and Rose Garden: There is a 150㎡ small pond in the west corner of the central square, which is full of water lilies. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title= 'Huilongpu Park'
    description="East Gate of Huilongpu Park: On the marble on the left side of the east gate are five golden characters 'Huilongpu Park', which are particularly eye-catching from a distance. Climbing up the stairs from here, you can see the children's playground and the central square; to the left is the Sun and Moon Palace, and on the right stands a large stone with the five characters 'Huilongpu Park' engraved on it, surrounded by lush green plants. West Gate of Huilongpu Park: In front of the west gate is a large lawn like a green carpet. In the middle of the lawn stands a giant stone engraved with the eye-catching red characters 'Huilongpu Park'. There are spacious garden paths on the left and right, with tall trees on both sides. The left leads to the public toilet and the management office, connecting to the north gate. To the right is a criss-crossing tree-lined path leading to the pavilion and the mountaintop viewing platform. Winding and winding, a scene every few steps. Child-friendly park: Covering an area of about 5,300 square meters, it is divided into five areas: step landscape area, innocent play area, children's adventure area, fitness area, and passage area. There are child-friendly facilities such as children's climbing, swings, slides, rocking, as well as children's activity sand pools, parent rest corridors, etc. Children's Playground Flower Border: The small hillside located in the center of the children's playground, after the soil was improved before May 1, 2022, various flowers and herbs were planted, surrounding a graceful poinciana tree, becoming a beautiful scenic spot for citizens to check in and take pictures. Water Lily Pond and Rose Garden: There is a 150㎡ small pond in the west corner of the central square, which is full of water lilies."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005824/10774927.jpg"
        title="Dashanpi Theme Park"
        description="Dashanpi Theme Park is located in the south and north areas of Dashanpi Reservoir in Pingshan District. The south area is adjacent to Maluanshan Country Park, a"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Dashanpi-Theme-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005824/10774927.jpg"
        title="Dashanpi Theme Park"
        description="Dashanpi Theme Park is located in the south and north areas of Dashanpi Reservoir in Pingshan District. The south area is adjacent to Maluanshan Country Park, a"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Dashanpi-Theme-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10774925.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

