---
title: Guangming Culture and Art Center
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Guangming-Culture-and-Art-Center/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097438/11128186.jpg',
                title: 'Guangming Culture and Art Center',
                description: 'Guangming Culture and Art Center was invested and built by the Guangming District Government. It cov...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097438/11128186.jpg',
                title: 'Guangming Culture and Art Center',
                description: 'Guangming Culture and Art Center was invested and built by the Guangming District Government. It cov...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Guangming District
- Park Category: Cultural Center
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: The intersection of Chuangtou Road and Guanguang Road, Guangming District, Shenzhen

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Guangming Culture and Art Center was invested and built by the Guangming District Government. It covers an area of 38,000 square meters and has a construction area of 130,000 square meters. It integrates multiple functions such as "culture, performance, exhibition, and leisure", including a library, a performance center, an art gallery, an urban planning exhibition hall, a cultural complex, etc. It is an important public supporting facility and cultural landmark of Guangming Science City. Guangming Culture and Art Center is located on the northeast side of Guanguang Road in Guangming District, close to Longda Expressway, adjacent to Phoenix City Station of Metro Line 6 and Guangming City Station of Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong High-Speed Railway. It is only a 30-minute drive from the city center, backed by Xincheng Park and overlooking Guangming Town. It has convenient transportation and beautiful environment. It is operated and managed by OCT Group, known as the "Chinese Urban Cultural Operator", and is committed to building it into a cultural reception hall in northern Shenzhen and a gathering place for citizens' art and leisure.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 1. Art Museum: 10:00-18:00, Monday to Sunday (last admission at 17:30); 2. Urban Planning Exhibition Hall: 10:00-18:00, Saturday and Sunday (last admission at 17:30); 3. Performing Arts Center: open at irregular times according to performance arrangements.
- Forest Area Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Guangming Culture and Art Center
<ImageCard
image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097438/11128186.jpg"
    title="Guangming Culture and Art Center"
    description="Guangming Culture and Art Center was invested and built by the Guangming District Government. It covers an area of 38,000 square meters and has a construction area of 130,000 square meters. It integrates multiple functions such as 'culture, performance, exhibition, and leisure', including a library, a performance center, an art gallery, an urban planning exhibition hall, a cultural complex, etc. It is an important public supporting facility and cultural landmark of Guangming Science City. Guangming Culture and Art Center is located on the northeast side of Guanguang Road in Guangming District, close to Longda Expressway, adjacent to Phoenix City Station of Metro Line 6 and Guangming City Station of Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong High-Speed Railway. It is only a 30-minute drive from the city center, backed by Xincheng Park and overlooking Guangming Town. "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097438/11128186.jpg"
    title="Guangming Culture and Art Center"
    description="Guangming Culture and Art Center was invested and built by the Guangming District Government. It covers an area of 38,000 square meters and has a construction area of 130,000 square meters. It integrates multiple functions such as 'culture, performance, exhibition, and leisure', including a library, a performance center, an art gallery, an urban planning exhibition hall, a cultural complex, etc. It is an important public supporting facility and cultural landmark of Guangming Science City. Guangming Culture and Art Center is located on the northeast side of Guanguang Road in Guangming District, close to Longda Expressway, adjacent to Phoenix City Station of Metro Line 6 and Guangming City Station of Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong High-Speed Railway. It is only a 30-minute drive from the city center, backed by Xincheng Park and overlooking Guangming Town. "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 1. Subway station: Line 6, Phoenix Station, Exit B

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097226/11127123.png"
        title="Shenzhen-Shanwei Cultural and Sports Center"
        description="Located on the north side of Shenshan Avenue, the south side of Dade Road, the west side of Chuangyuan Road, and the east side of Chuangwen Road in the Shenshan Special Cooperation Zone, the total land area is 24,493.40 square meters, and the total construction area is 12,914.38 square meters. The above-ground construction area is 11,511.77 square meters, including: the construction area of the cultural and sports center is 10,627.98 square meters (the construction area of the gymnasium is 7,812.83 square meters, and the commercial construction area is 822.91 square meters); the underground floor (equipment room) has a construction area of 1,402.61 square meters. The project plans a three-story gymnasium. At present, the 400-meter track and field field, 11-person football field, and indoor badminton court are open."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Luohu-District-Cultural-Center/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097226/11127123.png"
        title="Shenzhen-Shanwei Cultural and Sports Center"
        description="Located on the north side of Shenshan Avenue, the south side of Dade Road, the west side of Chuangyuan Road, and the east side of Chuangwen Road in the Shenshan Special Cooperation Zone, the total land area is 24,493.40 square meters, and the total construction area is 12,914.38 square meters. The above-ground construction area is 11,511.77 square meters, including: the construction area of the cultural and sports center is 10,627.98 square meters (the construction area of the gymnasium is 7,812.83 square meters, and the commercial construction area is 822.91 square meters); the underground floor (equipment room) has a construction area of 1,402.61 square meters. The project plans a three-story gymnasium. At present, the 400-meter track and field field, 11-person football field, and indoor badminton court are open."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Luohu-District-Cultural-Center/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                 | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | http://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11128186.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

