---
title: Guangming District Cultural Center
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Guangming-District-Cultural-Center/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097433/11128278.jpg',
                title: 'Guangming District Cultural Center',
                description: 'Guangming District Cultural Center is located at No. 9 Zhenming Road, Gongming Street. It is a natio...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097433/11128278.jpg',
                title: 'Guangming District Cultural Center',
                description: 'Guangming District Cultural Center is located at No. 9 Zhenming Road, Gongming Street. It is a natio...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Guangming District
- Park Category: Cultural Center
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: No. 9 Zhenming Road, Gongming Street, Guangming District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-21385383

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Guangming District Cultural Center is located at No. 9 Zhenming Road, Gongming Street. It is a national first-class cultural center with a total construction area of about 13,900 square meters. It is divided into the main building of the cultural center in Block A, the training center in Block C (youth extracurricular activity center), and the auditorium in Block D. It has literary and artistic work areas, intangible cultural heritage exhibition areas, literary and artistic training areas, art exhibition areas, and an 800-seat theater. It is equipped with 20 functional rooms such as dance rooms, comprehensive music rooms, and calligraphy rooms, as well as digital equipment such as karaoke booths, reading booths, digital reading equipment, calligraphy experience machines, and photo printers. With the development concept of "walking with light and educating people with culture", Guangming District Cultural Center provides citizens with various public cultural services such as free opening, public welfare training, benefit performances, and literary and artistic competitions all year round. It is an important position for citizens in Guangming District to carry out spiritual and civilized life, adding luster to the cultural soft power and people's livelihood of Guangming District.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Monday to Sunday 9:00-21:00.
- Forest Area Opening Hours: 1. Follow the WeChat public account of "Guangming District Cultural Center and Library", click "More Content" in the menu and click "Cultural Center Function Room Reservation" to make a reservation; 2. Citizens are requested to enter the venue and use the function room in an orderly manner according to the instructions of the staff/volunteers; 3. Service consultation phone number: 0755-21385383.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Guangming District Cultural Center
<ImageCard
image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097433/11128278.jpg"
    title="Guangming District Cultural Center"
    description="Guangming District Cultural Center is located at No. 9 Zhenming Road, Gongming Street. It is a national first-class cultural center with a total construction area of about 13,900 square meters. It is divided into the main building of the cultural center in Block A, the training center in Block C (youth extracurricular activity center), and the auditorium in Block D. It has literary and artistic work areas, intangible cultural heritage exhibition areas, literary and artistic training areas, art exhibition areas, and an 800-seat theater. It is equipped with 20 functional rooms such as dance rooms, comprehensive music rooms, and calligraphy rooms, as well as digital equipment such as karaoke booths, reading booths, digital reading equipment, calligraphy experience machines, and photo printers. "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097433/11128278.jpg"
    title="Guangming District Cultural Center"
    description="Guangming District Cultural Center is located at No. 9 Zhenming Road, Gongming Street. It is a national first-class cultural center with a total construction area of about 13,900 square meters. It is divided into the main building of the cultural center in Block A, the training center in Block C (youth extracurricular activity center), and the auditorium in Block D. It has literary and artistic work areas, intangible cultural heritage exhibition areas, literary and artistic training areas, art exhibition areas, and an 800-seat theater. It is equipped with 20 functional rooms such as dance rooms, comprehensive music rooms, and calligraphy rooms, as well as digital equipment such as karaoke booths, reading booths, digital reading equipment, calligraphy experience machines, and photo printers."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: You can take Bus No. M410, M216 or M455 to Guangming Culture Center Bus Station; or take Bus No. M549, M455 or M216 to Gongming Bank of China Bus Station; or take Bus No. M238, M217, M337, 325, M218, M256, M284 or M529 to Global Company Bus Station; You can take Metro Line 6 to Exit E2 of Honghuashan Station, go straight along Anfa Road for 490 meters, then turn right to No. 9 Zhenming Road.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4224/4224450/11670881.png"
        title="Luohu District Cultural Center"
        description="Luohu District Cultural Center was established in 1981. It has seven departments, including office, business development department, group culture department, creation department, music studio, intangible cultural heritage office, and cultural volunteer service team. It has been rated as a 'national first-class cultural center' for many consecutive years, and was awarded the first 'China Drama Association Small Drama and Sketch Creation Base' and 'Guangdong Province Mass Literary Works Creation and Rehearsal Base'. "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Guangming-Culture-and-Art-Center/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4224/4224450/11670881.png"
        title="Luohu District Cultural Center"
        description="Luohu District Cultural Center was established in 1981. It has seven departments, including office, business development department, group culture department, creation department, music studio, intangible cultural heritage office, and cultural volunteer service team. It has been rated as a 'national first-class cultural center' for many consecutive years, and was awarded the first 'China Drama Association Small Drama and Sketch Creation Base' and 'Guangdong Province Mass Literary Works Creation and Rehearsal Base'. "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Guangming-Culture-and-Art-Center/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                 | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | http://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11128278.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

