---
title: Nanshan District Cultural Center
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Nanshan-District-Cultural-Center/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098185/11129998.png',
                title: 'Nanshan District Cultural Center',
                description: 'Nanshan District Cultural Center was established in 1986. It is a national first-class cultural cent...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098185/11129998.png',
                title: 'Nanshan District Cultural Center',
                description: 'Nanshan District Cultural Center was established in 1986. It is a national first-class cultural cent...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Nanshan District
- Park Category: Cultural Center
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: The northeast corner of the intersection of Yiyuan Road and Zhengfeng Road, Nantou Street, Nanshan District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-26665145

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Nanshan District Cultural Center was established in 1986. It is a national first-class cultural center. It has always adhered to the principles of public welfare, basicity, equality, and convenience, and provides cultural activities and services such as literary and artistic guidance and training, mass cultural activities, guidance on the creation of mass literary and artistic works, and the protection and inheritance of intangible cultural heritage for the people of the district. In order to better carry out various tasks, the cultural center has 5 departments, namely the office, activity and creation department, training department, business development department, and intangible cultural heritage department. The new Nanshan Cultural Center was put into use in 2020. It is located at the northeast corner of the intersection of Yiyuan Road and Zhengfeng Road in Nanshan District, Shenzhen. It covers an area of 6,120 square meters and a construction area of 26,975 square meters. It is located in the core of Nanshan High-tech Park and has a superior geographical location.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Normal opening hours: Monday to Friday 9:00-18:00 Staggered opening hours: Monday to Friday 19:00-21:00, Saturday and Sunday 9:00-21:00
- Forest Area Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Nanshan District Cultural Center
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098185/11129998.png"
    title="Nanshan District Cultural Center"
    description="Nanshan District Cultural Center was established in 1986. It is a national first-class cultural center. It has always adhered to the principles of public welfare, basicity, equality, and convenience, and provides cultural activities and services such as literary and artistic guidance and training, mass cultural activities, guidance on the creation of mass literary and artistic works, and the protection and inheritance of intangible cultural heritage for the people of the district. In order to better carry out various tasks, the cultural center has 5 departments, namely the office, activity and creation department, training department, business development department, and intangible cultural heritage department. The new Nanshan Cultural Center was put into use in 2020. It is located at the northeast corner of the intersection of Yiyuan Road and Zhengfeng Road in Nanshan District, Shenzhen. It covers an area of 6,120 square meters and a construction area of 26,975 square meters. It is located in the core of Nanshan High-tech Park and has a superior geographical location."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098185/11129998.png"
    title="Nanshan District Cultural Center"
    description="Nanshan District Cultural Center was established in 1986. It is a national first-class cultural center. It has always adhered to the principles of public welfare, basicity, equality, and convenience, and provides cultural activities and services such as literary and artistic guidance and training, mass cultural activities, guidance on the creation of mass literary and artistic works, and the protection and inheritance of intangible cultural heritage for the people of the district. In order to better carry out various tasks, the cultural center has 5 departments, namely the office, activity and creation department, training department, business development department, and intangible cultural heritage department. The new Nanshan Cultural Center was put into use in 2020. It is located at the northeast corner of the intersection of Yiyuan Road and Zhengfeng Road in Nanshan District, Shenzhen. It covers an area of 6,120 square meters and a construction area of 26,975 square meters. It is located in the core of Nanshan High-tech Park and has a superior geographical location."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: M475 Road

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097438/11128186.jpg"
        title="Guangming Culture and Art Center"
        description="Guangming Culture and Art Center was invested and built by the Guangming District Government. It covers an area of 38,000 square meters and has a construction area of 130,000 square meters. It integrates multiple functions such as 'culture, performance, exhibition, and leisure', including a library, a performance center, an art gallery, an urban planning exhibition hall, a cultural complex, etc. It is an important public supporting facility and cultural landmark of Guangming Science City. Guangming Culture and Art Center is located on the northeast side of Guanguang Road in Guangming District, close to Longda Expressway, adjacent to Phoenix City Station of Metro Line 6 and Guangming City Station of Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong High-Speed Railway. It is only a 30-minute drive from the city center, backed by Xincheng Park and overlooking Guangming Town. It has convenient transportation and beautiful environment. "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Shenshan-West-Culture-and-Sports-Center/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097438/11128186.jpg"
        title="Guangming Culture and Art Center"
        description="Guangming Culture and Art Center was invested and built by the Guangming District Government. It covers an area of 38,000 square meters and has a construction area of 130,000 square meters. It integrates multiple functions such as 'culture, performance, exhibition, and leisure', including a library, a performance center, an art gallery, an urban planning exhibition hall, a cultural complex, etc. It is an important public supporting facility and cultural landmark of Guangming Science City. Guangming Culture and Art Center is located on the northeast side of Guanguang Road in Guangming District, close to Longda Expressway, adjacent to Phoenix City Station of Metro Line 6 and Guangming City Station of Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong High-Speed Railway. It is only a 30-minute drive from the city center, backed by Xincheng Park and overlooking Guangming Town. It has convenient transportation and beautiful environment."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Shenshan-West-Culture-and-Sports-Center/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11129998.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

