---
title: Shenzhen-Shanwei Cultural and Sports Center
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Shenshan-West-Culture-and-Sports-Center/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097226/11127123.png',
                title: 'Shenzhen-Shanwei Cultural and Sports Center',
                description: 'Located on the north side of Shenshan Avenue, the south side of Dade Road, the west side of Chuangyu...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097226/11127123.png',
                title: 'Shenzhen-Shanwei Cultural and Sports Center',
                description: 'Located on the north side of Shenshan Avenue, the south side of Dade Road, the west side of Chuangyu...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Shenzhen-Shantou Special Cooperation Zone
- Park Category: Cultural Center
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: Southwest of the intersection of Dade Road and Chuangwen Road, Ebu Street, Shenshan Special Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Located on the north side of Shenshan Avenue, the south side of Dade Road, the west side of Chuangyuan Road, and the east side of Chuangwen Road in the Shenshan Special Cooperation Zone, the total land area is 24,493.40 square meters, and the total construction area is 12,914.38 square meters. The above-ground construction area is 11,511.77 square meters, including: the construction area of the cultural and sports center is 10,627.98 square meters (the construction area of the gymnasium is 7,812.83 square meters, and the commercial construction area is 822.91 square meters); the underground floor (equipment room) has a construction area of 1,402.61 square meters. The project plans a three-story gymnasium. At present, the 400-meter track and field field, 11-person football field, and indoor badminton court are open.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 06:00-22:00
- Forest Area Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Shenzhen-Shanwei Cultural and Sports Center
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097226/11127123.png"
    title="Shenzhen-Shanwei Cultural and Sports Center"
    description="Located on the north side of Shenshan Avenue, the south side of Dade Road, the west side of Chuangyuan Road, and the east side of Chuangwen Road in the Shenshan Special Cooperation Zone, the total land area is 24,493.40 square meters, and the total construction area is 12,914.38 square meters. The above-ground construction area is 11,511.77 square meters, including: the construction area of the cultural and sports center is 10,627.98 square meters (the construction area of the gymnasium is 7,812.83 square meters, and the commercial construction area is 822.91 square meters); the underground floor (equipment room) has a construction area of 1,402.61 square meters. The project plans a three-story gymnasium. At present, the 400-meter track and field field, 11-person football field, and indoor badminton court are open."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097226/11127123.png"
    title="Shenzhen-Shanwei Cultural and Sports Center"
    description="Located on the north side of Shenshan Avenue, the south side of Dade Road, the west side of Chuangyuan Road, and the east side of Chuangwen Road in the Shenshan Special Cooperation Zone, the total land area is 24,493.40 square meters, and the total construction area is 12,914.38 square meters. The above-ground construction area is 11,511.77 square meters, including: the construction area of the cultural and sports center is 10,627.98 square meters (the construction area of the gymnasium is 7,812.83 square meters, and the commercial construction area is 822.91 square meters); the underground floor (equipment room) has a construction area of 1,402.61 square meters. The project plans a three-story gymnasium. At present, the 400-meter track and field field, 11-person football field, and indoor badminton court are open."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: From the Shenmen Station, take the Shenshan No. 1 bus to the Fortune Building Station and walk 603 meters.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097002/11126027.png"
        title="Longhua Cultural and Sports Center"
        description="As a district-level comprehensive sports center, Longhua Sports Center is the largest sports venue in Longhua District. It is equipped to host various high-level events at home and abroad. In the future, it will be built into a beautiful sports business card for Longhua District's external service window. The second floor of the gymnasium is a comprehensive competition venue with an area of 1938 square meters. There are 5360 fixed seats and 1118 movable seats in the gymnasium. It can host CBA, volleyball, large-scale concerts, art exhibitions and other events. The daily training hall of the gymnasium covers an area of 3262m2. Three different layout modes can be set according to the needs of use. One is to set up 12 badminton courts; the second is to set up 3 basketball courts; the third is a mixed layout setting (basketball court, badminton court, table tennis). "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097002/11126027.png"
        title="Longhua Cultural and Sports Center"
        description="As a district-level comprehensive sports center, Longhua Sports Center is the largest sports venue in Longhua District. It is equipped to host various high-level events at home and abroad. In the future, it will be built into a beautiful sports business card for Longhua District's external service window. The second floor of the gymnasium is a comprehensive competition venue with an area of 1938 square meters. There are 5360 fixed seats and 1118 movable seats in the gymnasium. It can host CBA, volleyball, large-scale concerts, art exhibitions and other events. The daily training hall of the gymnasium covers an area of 3262m2. Three different layout modes can be set according to the needs of use. One is to set up 12 badminton courts; the second is to set up 3 basketball courts; the third is a mixed layout setting (basketball court, badminton court, table tennis). "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11127123.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

