---
title: Shenzhen Cultural Center
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Shenzhen-Cultural-Center/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098182/11127057.png',
                title: 'Shenzhen Cultural Center',
                description: 'Shenzhen Cultural Center (formerly Shenzhen Mass Art Center) was established in 1980. It is a depart...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098182/11127057.png',
                title: 'Shenzhen Cultural Center',
                description: 'Shenzhen Cultural Center (formerly Shenzhen Mass Art Center) was established in 1980. It is a depart...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: Cultural Center
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: No. 95, Yannan Road, Futian District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-83351377

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Shenzhen Cultural Center (formerly Shenzhen Mass Art Center) was established in 1980. It is a department-level institution under the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports. It is a national first-class center and a Guangdong Provincial special-class center. It is responsible for carrying out mass art and cultural life and prospering mass art and cultural undertakings. Its functions include: "Organizing art and culture (major theme activities/theoretical research and creation/popularization and promotion/counseling/promotion/exchange/art and culture training/guidance for grassroots museums and stations); (Museum and Station Alliance/Volunteer Service Corps/Resource Database) Construction; Collecting and collating (folk cultural and artistic heritage/materials/historical materials/design and production of art audio-visual works)". The Municipal Cultural Center is located at No. 95 Yannan Road, Futian District, with a construction area of 5765.51 square meters. It has offices, conference rooms, theaters, exhibition halls, multi-functional halls, various art training rooms, recording studios, volunteer homes, reading rooms and other service facilities. The new museum construction project was officially included in the 12 key livelihood projects of Shenzhen's 13th Five-Year Plan in 2015. In 2018, the site was selected at the northwest of Minzhi Avenue and Minkang Road, Minzhi Street, Longhua District, covering an area of about 31,000 square meters, with a construction area of 83,000 square meters and an investment of about 1.33 billion.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 9:00-21:30
- Forest Area Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Shenzhen Cultural Center
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098182/11127057.png"
    title="Shenzhen Cultural Center"
    description="Shenzhen Cultural Center (formerly Shenzhen Mass Art Center) was established in 1980. It is a department-level institution under the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports. It is a national first-class center and a Guangdong Provincial special-class center. It is responsible for carrying out mass art and cultural life and prospering mass art and cultural undertakings. "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098182/11127057.png"
    title="Shenzhen Cultural Center"
    description="Shenzhen Cultural Center (formerly Shenzhen Mass Art Center) was established in 1980. It is a department-level institution under the Shenzhen Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports. It is a national first-class center and a Guangdong Provincial special-class center. It is responsible for carrying out mass art and cultural life and prospering mass art and cultural undertakings."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Huafa Building①: Route M383; Route M389

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://szmassart.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com/szwhgy/szwhgy/H5/20221019095736N9lqUzG9vgCHp3pi7ZVO_750_500.jpg"
        title="Futian Cultural and Sports Center·Piano Theme Pavilion"
        description="To be updated"
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Futian-Cultural-and-Sports-Center·Piano-Theme-Pavilion/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://szmassart.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com/szwhgy/szwhgy/H5/20221019095736N9lqUzG9vgCHp3pi7ZVO_750_500.jpg"
        title="Futian Cultural and Sports Center·Piano Theme Pavilion"
        description="To be updated"
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Futian-Cultural-and-Sports-Center·Piano-Theme-Pavilion/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11127057.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

