---
title: Luohu District Cultural Center
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Luohu-District-Cultural-Center/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4224/4224450/11670881.png',
                title: 'Luohu District Cultural Center',
                description: 'Luohu District Cultural Center was established in 1981. It has seven departments, including office, ...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4224/4224450/11670881.png',
                title: 'Luohu District Cultural Center',
                description: 'Luohu District Cultural Center was established in 1981. It has seven departments, including office, ...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Luohu District
- Park Category: Cultural Center
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: Taibai Road, Luohu District, Shenzhen2009District Cultural Center
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-25519192

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Luohu District Cultural Center was established in 1981. It has seven departments, including office, business development department, group culture department, creation department, music studio, intangible cultural heritage office, and cultural volunteer service team. It has been rated as a "national first-class cultural center" for many consecutive years, and was awarded the first "China Drama Association Small Drama and Sketch Creation Base" and "Guangdong Province Mass Literary Works Creation and Rehearsal Base". The brand event 09 theater "Jun Ge Drama Talk" was selected as a national public cultural service system demonstration project in 2019, and it is also the first national public cultural service system demonstration project in Shenzhen. In recent years, the creation of literary and artistic masterpieces has achieved fruitful results, and many works have won awards at the national, provincial, and municipal levels. Among them, the sketch "Smoke" won the 2022 19th China Art Festival "Star Award". On this basis, in 2023, by linking the excellent youth drama resources of various cities in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, the "Shenzhen Youth Drama Month" will be upgraded to the "Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area (Shenzhen) Youth Drama Festival", and the construction of Luohu National Drama Highland will be continued. Luohu District Cultural Center will further improve the efficiency of public cultural services, continuously meet the spiritual and cultural needs of the people in the district, and build a high-quality public cultural service system in Luohu District.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Monday to Friday 9:00 to 21:00 Weekends and holidays 8:00 to 22:00
- Forest Area Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Luohu District Cultural Center
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4224/4224450/11670881.png"
    title="Luohu District Cultural Center"
    description="Luohu District Cultural Center was established in 1981. It has seven departments, including office, business development department, group culture department, creation department, music studio, intangible cultural heritage office, and cultural volunteer service team. It has been rated as a 'national first-class cultural center' for many consecutive years, and was awarded the first 'China Drama Association Small Drama and Sketch Creation Base' and 'Guangdong Province Mass Literary Works Creation and Rehearsal Base'. "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4224/4224450/11670881.png"
    title="Luohu District Cultural Center"
    description="Luohu District Cultural Center was established in 1981. It has seven departments, including office, business development department, group culture department, creation department, music studio, intangible cultural heritage office, and cultural volunteer service team. It has been rated as a 'national first-class cultural center' for many consecutive years, and was awarded the first 'China Drama Association Small Drama and Sketch Creation Base' and 'Guangdong Province Mass Literary Works Creation and Rehearsal Base'. "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Bus: No. 201, No. 225, No. 23, No. 321, No. 322, No. 61, No. M140, No. M224, No. M358, No. M364, No. M437, No. M588, No. N17 Yashiju Station, walk 866 meters to Luohu District Cultural Center Qingshuihe Hall

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4224/4224437/11485496.png"
        title="Futian Cultural and Sports Center·Music, Calligraphy and Painting Theme Pavilion"
        description="The building area of the Futian Cultural and Sports Center·Music Theme Pavilion is about 5,800 square meters, and it is equipped with a music theme library, art salon area, multi-functional rehearsal room, music production room, cultural volunteer station, piano room, and a small theater that can accommodate more than 200 people. The museum has a distinctive music theme, with a number of excellent teams such as the Futian District 'Autumn Language' Chorus, Futian District Old Voice Chorus, and 'TianKong · Shenzhen' Women's Chorus. "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Futian-Cultural-and-Sports-Center·Music,-Calligraphy-and-Painting-Theme-Pavilion/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4224/4224437/11485496.png"
        title="Futian Cultural and Sports Center·Music, Calligraphy and Painting Theme Pavilion"
        description="The building area of the Futian Cultural and Sports Center·Music Theme Pavilion is about 5,800 square meters, and it is equipped with a music theme library, art salon area, multi-functional rehearsal room, music production room, cultural volunteer station, piano room, and a small theater that can accommodate more than 200 people. The museum has a distinctive music theme, with a number of excellent teams such as the Futian District 'Autumn Language' Chorus, Futian District Old Voice Chorus, and 'TianKong · Shenzhen' Women's Chorus."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Futian-Cultural-and-Sports-Center·Music,-Calligraphy-and-Painting-Theme-Pavilion/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11670881.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

