---
title: Longhua Cultural and Sports Center
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Longhua-Cultural-and-Sports-Center/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097002/11126027.png',
                title: 'Longhua Cultural and Sports Center',
                description: 'As a district-level comprehensive sports center, Longhua Sports Center is the largest sports venue i...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097002/11126027.png',
                title: 'Longhua Cultural and Sports Center',
                description: 'As a district-level comprehensive sports center, Longhua Sports Center is the largest sports venue i...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Longhua District
- Park Category: Cultural Center
- Park Tags: To be updated
- Detailed Address: The intersection of Longhua Avenue and Qingquan Road, Longhua District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-28106463

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
As a district-level comprehensive sports center, Longhua Sports Center is the largest sports venue in Longhua District. It is equipped to host various high-level events at home and abroad. In the future, it will be built into a beautiful sports business card for Longhua District's external service window. The second floor of the gymnasium is a comprehensive competition venue with an area of 1938 square meters. There are 5360 fixed seats and 1118 movable seats in the gymnasium. It can host CBA, volleyball, large-scale concerts, art exhibitions and other events. The daily training hall of the gymnasium covers an area of 3262m2. Three different layout modes can be set according to the needs of use. One is to set up 12 badminton courts; the second is to set up 3 basketball courts; the third is a mixed layout setting (basketball court, badminton court, table tennis). The stadium includes a standard natural grass football field for 11 people and a 400-meter standard track and field plastic track, which can be used for track and field teaching, training, and mass sports activities. The stadium stands have 2364 fixed seats. The rooftop park and grille corridor make full use of the rooftop space and fully cover the greenery to create a rooftop park in the form of sports + park, forming a unique leisure aerial corridor. The rooftop park is equipped with children's play facilities and fitness trails. The grille corridor on the first floor is connected with the rooftop park, providing a fitness and leisure venue for different groups of sports enthusiasts and the general public, meeting the daily cultural and sports activities needs of citizens.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 9:00-22:00
- Forest Area Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Longhua Cultural and Sports Center
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097002/11126027.png"
    title="Longhua Cultural and Sports Center"
    description="As a district-level comprehensive sports center, Longhua Sports Center is the largest sports venue in Longhua District. It is equipped to host various high-level events at home and abroad. In the future, it will be built into a beautiful sports business card for Longhua District's external service window. The second floor of the gymnasium is a comprehensive competition venue with an area of 1938 square meters. There are 5360 fixed seats and 1118 movable seats in the gymnasium. It can host CBA, volleyball, large-scale concerts, art exhibitions and other events. The daily training hall of the gymnasium covers an area of 3262m2. Three different layout modes can be set according to the needs of use. One is to set up 12 badminton courts; the second is to set up 3 basketball courts; the third is a mixed layout setting (basketball court, badminton court, table tennis). The stadium includes a standard natural grass football field for 11 people and a 400-meter standard track and field plastic track, which can be used for track and field teaching, training, and mass sports activities. The stadium stands have 2364 fixed seats. The rooftop park and grille corridor make full use of the rooftop space and fully cover the greenery to create a rooftop park in the form of sports + park, forming a unique leisure aerial corridor. The rooftop park is equipped with children's play facilities and fitness trails. The grille corridor on the first floor is connected with the rooftop park, providing a fitness and leisure venue for different groups of sports enthusiasts and the general public, meeting the daily cultural and sports activities needs of citizens."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097002/11126027.png"
    title="Longhua Cultural and Sports Center"
    description="As a district-level comprehensive sports center, Longhua Sports Center is the largest sports venue in Longhua District. It is equipped to host various high-level events at home and abroad. In the future, it will be built into a beautiful sports business card for Longhua District's external service window. The second floor of the gymnasium is a comprehensive competition venue with an area of 1938 square meters. There are 5360 fixed seats and 1118 movable seats in the gymnasium. It can host CBA, volleyball, large-scale concerts, art exhibitions and other events. The daily training hall of the gymnasium covers an area of 3262m2. Three different layout modes can be set according to the needs of use. One is to set up 12 badminton courts; the second is to set up 3 basketball courts; the third is a mixed layout setting (basketball court, badminton court, table tennis). The stadium includes a standard natural grass football field for 11 people and a 400-meter standard track and field plastic track, which can be used for track and field teaching, training, and mass sports activities. The stadium stands have 2364 fixed seats. The rooftop park and grille corridor make full use of the rooftop space and fully cover the greenery to create a rooftop park in the form of sports + park, forming a unique leisure aerial corridor. The rooftop park is equipped with children's play facilities and fitness trails. The grille corridor on the first floor is connected with the rooftop park, providing a fitness and leisure venue for different groups of sports enthusiasts and the general public, meeting the daily cultural and sports activities needs of citizens."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Buses B730, M202, M391, M554, M540, 302, M393

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097212/11114638.jpg"
        title="Pingshan District Cultural Center"
        description="Pingshan Cultural Center was officially opened on August 21, 2021. The well-known cultural figure Mr. Wang Jun was hired as the first curator. It is an important public cultural venue for Pingshan District to explore new innovation mechanisms and promote the reform of corporate governance structure. Pingshan Cultural Center is committed to creating a new cultural center that conforms to Pingshan's innovative temperament, giving young, innovative and lively cultural formats a broad space. By grasping talents, standards and resources, it consolidates Pingshan's public cultural foundation, explores intangible cultural heritage resources, and integrates culture with Pingshan's science and technology and industry, and strives to create another shining cultural badge for Pingshan's city brand image. Pingshan Cultural Center (Transition Hall) is located in Zhukeng Community, Longtian Street, Pingshan District. In 2024, Pingshan Cultural Center will move into the Kengzi Cultural and Technology Center in the Kengzi Central District of Pingshan, Shenzhen."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Pingshan-District-Cultural-Center/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097212/11114638.jpg"
        title="Pingshan District Cultural Center"
        description="Pingshan Cultural Center was officially opened on August 21, 2021. The well-known cultural figure Mr. Wang Jun was hired as the first curator. It is an important public cultural venue for Pingshan District to explore new innovation mechanisms and promote the reform of corporate governance structure. Pingshan Cultural Center is committed to creating a new cultural center that conforms to Pingshan's innovative temperament, giving young, innovative and lively cultural formats a broad space. By grasping talents, standards and resources, it consolidates Pingshan's public cultural foundation, explores intangible cultural heritage resources, and integrates culture with Pingshan's science and technology and industry, and strives to create another shining cultural badge for Pingshan's city brand image. Pingshan Cultural Center (Transition Hall) is located in Zhukeng Community, Longtian Street, Pingshan District. In 2024, Pingshan Cultural Center will move into the Kengzi Cultural and Technology Center in the Kengzi Central District of Pingshan, Shenzhen."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Cultural-Center/Pingshan-District-Cultural-Center/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11126027.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

