---
title: Pingshan Children's Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/SpecializedPark/ChildrenPark/Pingshan-Children's-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005915/10775141.png',
                title: 'Pingshan Childrens Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005915/10775141.png',
                title: 'Pingshan Childrens Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Pingshan District
- Park Category: Children's Park
- Park Tags: Children's play area with a unique book bar tent area
- Detailed Address: Southeast of the intersection of Tongyu Road and Wong Chuk Hang Road, Shahu Community, Biling Street, Pingshan District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-26655401
- Park Introduction: Pingshan District Children's Park was officially opened on May 31, 2022. It is located in the southeast of the intersection of Tongyu Road and Wong Chuk Hang Road in Shahu Community, Biling Street, and covers an area of about 57,000 square meters. The park is designed with the concept of"Big Tree Academy" for natural interaction, natural education, natural play and natural growth. It has set up four theme areas: natural classroom area, jungle adventure area, exploration archaeological area, and mountain valley area. It includes skateboarding world, stepped theater, loop ramp, metasequoia wetland, ruins park, sky walk, Qingqingcao study and other special attractions. It integrates natural experience, all-age play, site memory, and parent-child leisure. It is the first district-level special children's park in the city.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 7:00-21:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Pingshan Children's Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Pingshan Children's Park"
    description="The construction of Pingshan Children's Park has four highlights: First, native tree species and natural ecology. In accordance with the principles of original ecology, close to nature, and less tree relocation, the park completely retains the original lychee forest within the construction scope, and through the bottom vegetation combing, supplemented by balance beams and other facilities, it creates a parent-child play space under the forest for children to play, rest, and climb. Second, it is based on the terrain and adapted to local conditions. The park adheres to the concept of respecting and protecting nature, fully utilizes the original topography and mountain resources of the site, and preserves the original natural mountain features and plant community diversity to the maximum extent. It also cleverly integrates the natural topography with children's amusement facilities, and makes up for the height difference through stepped platforms and aerial corridors. At the same time, ladders, zip lines and other amusement facilities are set up using the height difference. The third is natural power and wild fun exploration. The park is mainly based on natural interaction, with 20 non-powered game equipment such as branch forest secrets, wonderful slides, desert ladders, dynamic castles, fun crawling nets, and water power parks, so that the 'unplugged' childhood is still full of power, reducing children's dependence on finished products and electric equipment, allowing children to experience and learn about nature in play, stimulate creativity, imagination and cooperation in exploration, and increase parent-child interaction. Fourth, the functions are complex and co-built and shared. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Pingshan Children's Park"
    description="The construction of Pingshan Children's Park has four highlights: First, native tree species and natural ecology. In accordance with the principles of original ecology, close to nature, and less tree relocation, the park completely retains the original lychee forest within the construction scope, and through the bottom vegetation combing, supplemented by balance beams and other facilities, it creates a parent-child play space under the forest for children to play, rest, and climb. Second, it is based on the terrain and adapted to local conditions. The park adheres to the concept of respecting and protecting nature, fully utilizes the original topography and mountain resources of the site, and preserves the original natural mountain features and plant community diversity to the maximum extent. It also cleverly integrates the natural topography with children's amusement facilities, and makes up for the height difference through stepped platforms and aerial corridors. At the same time, ladders, zip lines and other amusement facilities are set up using the height difference. The third is natural power and wild fun exploration. The park is mainly based on natural interaction, with 20 non-powered game equipment such as branch forest secrets, wonderful slides, desert ladders, dynamic castles, fun crawling nets, and water power parks, so that the 'unplugged' childhood is still full of power, reducing children's dependence on finished products and electric equipment, allowing children to experience and learn about nature in play, stimulate creativity, imagination and cooperation in exploration, and increase parent-child interaction. Fourth, the functions are complex and co-built and shared. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005922/10775144.jpg"
        title="Binhai Cultural Park"
        description="Park Introduction The Binhai Cultural Park is divided into three major areas: the central cultural theme, the eastern art theme, and the western sports theme. T"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Binhai-Cultural-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005922/10775144.jpg"
        title="Binhai Cultural Park"
        description="Park Introduction The Binhai Cultural Park is divided into three major areas: the central cultural theme, the eastern art theme, and the western sports theme. T"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Binhai-Cultural-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10775141.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

