---
title: Futian-Children's Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/SpecializedPark/ChildrenPark/Futian-Children's-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005711/10774696.jpg',
                title: 'Futian-Childrens Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005711/10774696.jpg',
                title: 'Futian-Childrens Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: Children's Park
- Park Tags: Children's play special book bar water recreation sports
- Detailed Address: No. 71, Nonglin Road, Futian District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-82829037
- Park Introduction: Shenzhen Children's Park is located west of Nonglin Road, south of Qiaoxiang Road, and east of Guangzhou-Shenzhen Expressway in Futian District. It covers an area of 182,000 square meters. It is a public, open, and contemporary children's fun park with children's amusement as its theme. The Children's Park was officially opened in August 2011. It has always been themed"Children's Green Paradise". Aiming at the psychological characteristics of children, it creates a happy world for children that integrates participation, appreciation, experience, education, knowledge, and fun. After the completion of the Children's Park, it has become the largest public theme park for children in Shenzhen. The mechanical amusement equipment receives an average of 2.2 million visitors each year. The park is fully equipped with a variety of options for children with different preferences. There are 7 mechanical amusement projects that tourists love, such as"double-decker carousel","jumping in the sky","self-controlled airplane","bumper car","StarCraft", and"parachute tower". Among them, the"traffic city" suitable for younger children is open for free; the dream square has upgraded the play experience, with a Little Red Riding Hood double-decker combination slide that focuses on exercising children's intelligence, physical fitness and coordination ability, and is interesting and educational. The surrounding area is equipped with a music house, vocal interactive ladybugs, colorful trampolines, pencil seesaws, lunar rovers, luminous music rocking horses, rainbow expansions and other small amusement facilities with childlike appearance and strong interactivity; the kaleidoscope book house transformed from a popular science museum provides children and parents with a comfortable and high-quality parent-child picture book reading space; there are also attractions suitable for children of different ages to play and encourage children to participate and interact, such as"Loulan Ancient City","Misty Square" and"Wind Stage". The green area of the children's park is 140,000 square meters, and more than 100 species of trees and shrubs are planted in the park, most of which are hung with plant signs. Children can learn about plants while visiting the park. The park provides tourists with relatively complete convenient service facilities, such as the tourist service center, tourist lounge, mother-and-child room, and service station. The tourist service center is equipped with convenient medicine boxes, wheelchairs, carts, umbrellas and other facilities for free use by tourists. It also provides services such as broadcasting to find people, temporary storage, fetching boiled water, and renting power banks; the mother-and-child room is equipped with benches and baby changing tables; the tourist lounge is equipped with seats and fans for the convenience of tourists, and there are also fun and educational jumping stickers for children to entertain children. Ticket offices are located at the east entrance and northwest entrance of the park; there is a convenient ticket point in the middle area of the park. Barrier-free passages have been built at the gate area and the main scenic spot, and the toilets are equipped with squatting positions for the disabled, children's wash basins and urinals; the park is equipped with two convenient washbasins for tourists to drink water, wash hands and wash feet. There are 6 vending machines in the park, and all the goods sold are clearly marked. Introductions to the park, tour maps, and various signboards are set up at each gate area and in the middle of the park. Passenger instructions in Chinese and English are provided in the queue area for amusement facilities, so that tourists can learn about various information in a timely manner. The ticket office, visitor service center, and queue area for amusement facilities in the park are equipped with LED electronic display systems to facilitate tourists to browse various information while waiting. The park creates a cultural atmosphere through various festival tours, exhibitions, and other entertainment activities. During the Spring Festival, Children's Day, National Day, and other holidays, a variety of entertainment activities are organized to enrich the cultural life of citizens and tourists. At the same time, the exhibition hall and kaleidoscope bookstore are used to the maximum extent, and various painting exhibitions and painting stage activities are held regularly.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Tour Route
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1333/1333754/10774696.jpg"
title="Futian-Children's Park游玩路径图"
description="游玩路径示意图"
/>



## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Futian-Children's Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Futian-Children's Park"
    description=""
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Futian-Children's Park"
    description=""
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 410 meters from Nonglin Subway Station - Exit D1, about 7 minutes" walk

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005874/10775021.png"
        title="Qianhai Stone Park"
        description="Qianhai Stone Park covers an area of about 84,600 square meters, witnessing the vigorous development of Qianhai Free Trade Zone. On December 7, 2012, General Se"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Qianhai Stone Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005874/10775021.png"
        title="Qianhai Stone Park"
        description="Qianhai Stone Park covers an area of about 84,600 square meters, witnessing the vigorous development of Qianhai Free Trade Zone. On December 7, 2012, General Se"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Qianhai Stone Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10774696.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

