---
title: Dapeng Peninsula National Geopark
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/GeologicalPark/Dapeng-Peninsula-National-Geopark/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4006/4006110/10775588.jpg',
                title: 'Dapeng Peninsula National Geopark',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4006/4006110/10775588.jpg',
                title: 'Dapeng Peninsula National Geopark',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Dapeng New District
- Park Category: Geopark
- Park Tags: Characteristic geology, high altitude viewing, water recreation
- Detailed Address: No. 1, Geopark Road, Xinda Community, Nan'ao Street, Dapeng New District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-84422281
- Park Introduction: Shenzhen Dapeng Peninsula National Geopark covers an area of 46.07 square kilometers and is the only national geological nature park in Shenzhen. The park is rich in natural resources, with ancient volcanic relics from billions of years ago, beautiful coastal landforms, 98% forest coverage, thousands of plant species, and more than 200 animal species, making it a natural classroom for nature education. The park currently has two mountaineering expedition lines open. The Geopark Museum is the only geological theme science museum in the city and an important window for citizens and tourists to explore the mysteries of the earth. Since its opening, it has been awarded the honorary titles of"Land and Resources Science Popularization Base", 'Guangdong Province Science Popularization Education Base", 'Guangdong Province Natural Education Base", 'Guangdong Province Primary and Secondary School Students Research and Practice Education Base", and"Shenzhen Top Ten Science Popularization Bases". The cultural activity park has successively launched popular science books such as"Beautiful Coast Rocks Are Like This","Dreamlike Qiniang Mountain Rocks Are Like This","Natural Exploration Tour of Geopark-Qiniang Mountain Stream", and a series of popular science products such as"Geological Park Science Popularization Learning Card","Shenzhen Dapeng Peninsula National Geopark Guide", and"Shenzhen Dapeng Peninsula National Geopark Museum" Tour Manual. During the annual"World Earth Day","National Science Popularization Day" and other theme days and during the winter and summer vacations, various nature education activities are carried out, such as"I am a Forest Ranger for a Day","Geology One-Day Study Camp","Secrets of Qiniangshan Forest","How Much Do You Know About Minerals", etc. The themes cover minerals, gems, paleontological fossils, plants, forest fire prevention, etc., and the forms include exhibitions, lectures, answering questions, experiments, and experiences. Among them,"I am a Forest Ranger for a Day" and"Geology One-Day Study Camp" were rated as"Shenzhen's Excellent Nature Education Activity Model".

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: The main peak expedition line and the Luyan expedition line are completely closed (the museum scenic area is open as usual)

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Dapeng Peninsula National Geopark
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Dapeng Peninsula National Geopark"
    description="The park is rich in natural resources. The geological relic resources are mainly ancient volcanic relics and coastal landforms formed about 145 million years ago. The water system in the park is well developed, with seven streams such as Qiniangshan Creek, Yangmeikeng River, Daluhu Creek, and Maliao River, forming a rare waterfall wonder in the province. The park has a forest coverage rate of 98%, which is a natural habitat for animals and plants. At present, a total of 1,228 species of vascular plants and 66 species of various protected plants and rare and endangered plants have been found. There are 222 species of terrestrial wild vertebrates in 26 orders, 72 families, accounting for 44.8% of the total number of species in Shenzhen and 26.3% of the total number of species in Guangdong Province, including 1 national first-level key protected animal and 19 national second-level key protected animals. At present, the park's natural education work is mainly carried out in the museum scenic area and two mountaineering scientific expedition routes. The museum covers an area of 37,500 square meters, with a construction area of 5,410 square meters. It has an introductory hall, an earth exploration hall, a Dapeng Peninsula hall, a mineral hall, a city and geological environment hall, and a temporary exhibition hall. It is also equipped with a science and technology video hall and a 3D cinema for science lectures and science films. The scenic area is equipped with outdoor study areas (trails) such as the volcanic landscape park, the ancient landscape park, the stream plank road, and the Phoenix Square. It has become an important place for tourists to relax and get close to nature. The natural education trail is mainly composed of the 3.3-kilometer main peak mountaineering expedition line and the 3.6-kilometer Luyan mountaineering expedition line, which fully displays the ancient volcanic landform characteristics of Qiniang Mountain."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Dapeng Peninsula National Geopark"
    description="The park is rich in natural resources. The geological relic resources are mainly ancient volcanic relics and coastal landforms formed about 145 million years ago. The water system in the park is well developed, with seven streams such as Qiniangshan Creek, Yangmeikeng River, Daluhu Creek, and Maliao River, forming a rare waterfall wonder in the province. The park has a forest coverage rate of 98%, which is a natural habitat for animals and plants. At present, a total of 1,228 species of vascular plants and 66 species of various protected plants and rare and endangered plants have been found. There are 222 species of terrestrial wild vertebrates in 26 orders, 72 families, accounting for 44.8% of the total number of species in Shenzhen and 26.3% of the total number of species in Guangdong Province, including 1 national first-level key protected animal and 19 national second-level key protected animals. At present, the park's natural education work is mainly carried out in the museum scenic area and two mountaineering scientific expedition routes. The museum covers an area of 37,500 square meters, with a construction area of 5,410 square meters. It has an introductory hall, an earth exploration hall, a Dapeng Peninsula hall, a mineral hall, a city and geological environment hall, and a temporary exhibition hall. It is also equipped with a science and technology video hall and a 3D cinema for science lectures and science films. The scenic area is equipped with outdoor study areas (trails) such as the volcanic landscape park, the ancient landscape park, the stream plank road, and the Phoenix Square. It has become an important place for tourists to relax and get close to nature. The natural education trail is mainly composed of the 3.3-kilometer main peak mountaineering expedition line and the 3.6-kilometer Luyan mountaineering expedition line, which fully displays the ancient volcanic landform characteristics of Qiniang Mountain."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005718/10774708.jpg"
        title="Meilinshan Country Park"
        description="Meilin Mountain Country Park starts from Meiguan Expressway in the east, facing "
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/CountryPark/Meilin-Mountain-Country-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005718/10774708.jpg"
        title="Meilinshan Country Park"
        description="Meilin Mountain Country Park starts from Meiguan Expressway in the east, facing "
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/CountryPark/Meilin-Mountain-Country-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/zrgy/content/post_10775588.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

