---
title: Wutong Greenway
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Wutong-Greenway/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335469/10701392.png',
                title: 'Wutong Greenway',
                description: "Luohu District is renowned for its harmonious blend of natural landscapes and urban development, often described as 'half mountains and waters, half city.' With over half of its land designated as ecological control zones, the area boasts mountains, forests, and lakes. ",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335469/10701392.png',
                title: 'Wutong Greenway',
                description: "Luohu District is renowned for its harmonious blend of natural landscapes and urban development, often described as 'half mountains and waters, half city.' With over half of its land designated as ecological control zones, the area boasts mountains, forests, and lakes.",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Luohu District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 15.3km
- Park Tags: Wild Charm
- Detailed Address: 2008 Binhai Avenue, Shahe Subdistrict, Nanshan District, Shenzhen City
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Luohu District is renowned for its harmonious blend of natural landscapes and urban development, with ecological control zones covering more than half of its area. These zones are home to mountains, forests, and lakes, making the transformation of Luohu's ecological resources into regional advantages a key focus for the district government. The goal is to create a stunning ecological landmark that showcases the district's unique charm.

The Wutong Greenway, a 15-kilometer-long trail, begins at the South Gate of Donghu Park (Wanfo Temple) and stretches along Shenzhen Reservoir and Wutongshan River to Henglikou Reservoir. This greenway integrates natural scenery, leisure, ecology, and culture, embodying the distinctive characteristics of Luohu. Originally known as Greenway Route 5, it was renamed Wutong Greenway in 2012 after a public naming campaign. In 2014, the route was extended by 1.4 kilometers, bringing the total length to 15 kilometers. The greenway starts at the South Gate of Donghu Park, connects to the West Gate, and winds around Shenzhen Reservoir and Wutongshan River, ending at Henglikou Reservoir near the North Gate of Wutong Mountain.

The greenway is divided into three sections:  
1. **Scenic Leisure Section**: This 7.2-kilometer stretch starts at Donghu Park's South Gate, passes through Shenzhen Reservoir's flood control road, Liantang Management Station of Wutongshan Scenic Area, and ends at the North Gate of Xianhu Botanical Garden. It features seven viewing pavilions, three wooden boardwalks, and a large rest station (Xianhu Station), connecting Donghu Park, Shenzhen Reservoir, and Xianhu Botanical Garden.  
2. **Orchard Adventure Section**: Spanning 3.8 kilometers, this section runs from Xianhu Botanical Garden's North Gate along Shenzhen Reservoir, through orchards and lychee gardens, to Wutongshan River. It links Xianhu Botanical Garden, orchards, lychee groves, and Betel Nut Park.  
3. **Riverside Refreshment Section**: This 4-kilometer stretch follows Wutongshan River to Henglikou Reservoir, ending at Wutong Station. It connects the Boya Museum, Wutongshan Scenic Area, and Wutong Cultural and Sports Park.  

The Wutong Greenway seamlessly integrates urban life with natural beauty, bringing scenic landscapes closer to residents' daily lives. Since its opening, it has been widely praised and loved by the public, earning the title of "Shenzhen's Most Beautiful Greenway." It has become a hub for cycling enthusiasts, with effective separation from motor vehicle lanes ensuring safety for visitors and cyclists. Additionally, Xianhu Station, the largest rest stop along the greenway, serves not only as a resting point but also as a venue for large-scale events. The annual China (Shenzhen) Women's Marathon, held on the Wutong Greenway, has become a unique feature of the trail. The Wutong Greenway Photography Competition, now in its third year, has become a cultural hallmark of the greenway.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Wutong Greenway
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335469/10701392.png"
    title="Wutong Greenway"
    description="Luohu District is renowned for its harmonious blend of natural landscapes and urban development, often described as 'half mountains and waters, half city.' With over half of its land designated as ecological control zones, the area boasts mountains, forests, and lakes. The challenge of transforming Luohu's ecological resources into a strategic advantage and creating a stunning ecological identity has been a key focus for the Luohu District Committee and Government."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335469/10701392.png"
    title="Wutong Greenway"
    description="Luohu District is renowned for its harmonious blend of natural landscapes and urban development, often described as 'half mountains and waters, half city.' With over half of its land designated as ecological control zones, the area boasts mountains, forests, and lakes. The challenge of transforming Luohu's ecological resources into a strategic advantage and creating a stunning ecological identity has been a key focus for the Luohu District Committee and Government."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: ### (1) Wanfo Temple Station

**Bus:**
- **Donghu Park South Gate Terminal:**
  - Route 10; M207
- **Luohu Sports Commission:**
  - Route 10; 27; 85; 111; B621; M133
- **Luohu Sports Center ①:**
  - Route 27; 57; 103; 111; 113; 363; 387;
  - B621; E12; M133; M182; M191;
  - M290; M348; M437; M468; M468 Interval Line; M520;
  - M526; Dameisha Holiday Special Line 1; Dameisha Holiday Special Line 2;
  - Dapeng Holiday Special Line 11; Tourist Line 8

**Driving:**
Drive to the "Luohu Sports Center Parking Lot" and walk to Wanfo Temple Station.

### (2) Wutong Station

**Bus:**
- **Wutong Mountain:**
  - Route 211; M445; M445 Interval

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335464/10701556.jpg"
        title="Taojin Mountain Greenway"
        description="Taoshan Greenway is located within the 'Yangtai Mountain - Wutong Mountain - Pingshan River Ecological Corridor.' It starts at Cuihu Community, passes through Buxin Mountain and the Second Line Patrol Road, and ends at Shawan Road, spanning a total length of 7.07 kilometers (with the main route being 6.59 kilometers and the Buxin Mountain hiking trail extending 0.48 kilometers). The greenway features 13 scenic nodes and 3 rest stations. Centered around the ecological environment experience of Wutong Mountain, the greenway integrates cultural enhancement, sports activities, and leisure entertainment. It fully leverages the resources of the Special Zone Management Line, preserving and enhancing the existing border areas."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Taojin-Mountain-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335464/10701556.jpg"
        title="Taojin Mountain Greenway"
        description="Taoshan Greenway is located within the 'Yangtai Mountain - Wutong Mountain - Pingshan River Ecological Corridor.' It starts at Cuihu Community, passes through Buxin Mountain and the Second Line Patrol Road, and ends at Shawan Road, spanning a total length of 7.07 kilometers (with the main route being 6.59 kilometers and the Buxin Mountain hiking trail extending 0.48 kilometers). The greenway features 13 scenic nodes and 3 rest stations. Centered around the ecological environment experience of Wutong Mountain, the greenway integrates cultural enhancement, sports activities, and leisure entertainment. It fully leverages the resources of the Special Zone Management Line, preserving and enhancing the existing border areas."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Taojin-Mountain-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10701392.html |             |             |
:::

