---
title: Huanshiyan Lake Greenway
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Huanshiyan-Lake-Greenway/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335471/10701203.jpg',
                title: 'Huanshiyan Lake Greenway',
                description: ' Occasionally, a flock of egrets resting on one side may take flight together, only to return in companionship, sharing the joys of nature with visitors. The nursery woodlands, revitalized through ecological restoration, offer both natural wilderness and thoughtful design, blending spontaneity with meticulous care, allowing every family member, young and old, to breathe in the most romantic air of nature.Surrounding Shiyan...',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335471/10701203.jpg',
                title: 'Huanshiyan Lake Greenway',
                description: 'Occasionally, a flock of egrets resting on one side may take flight together, only to return in companionship, sharing the joys of nature with visitors. The nursery woodlands, revitalized through ecological restoration, offer both natural wilderness and thoughtful design, blending spontaneity with meticulous care, allowing every family member, young and old, to breathe in the most romantic air of nature.Surrounding Shiyan...',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Bao'an District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 30.8km
- Park Tags: Great Places to Take Kids
- Detailed Address: Junzibu Huanguan South Road, Guanlan Subdistrict, Longhua District, Shenzhen City
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Tranquil as still water within a foot's space, harmonious like a gentle spring breeze, the family enjoys leisure. Within this foot's space lies a two-kilometer-long wisteria corridor, where one can leisurely stroll hand in hand with a loved one, from youth to old age, accompanying each other on a long journey of romance. Occasionally, a flock of egrets resting on one side may take flight together, only to return in unison, sharing the joys of nature with visitors. The nursery woodlands, revitalized through ecological restoration, offer both natural wildness and thoughtful design, blending seamlessly with nature's intentions, allowing family members of all ages to breathe in the most romantic air of the great outdoors.

The Shiyan Lake Greenway, located in Shiyan Subdistrict, Bao'an District, encircles the shores of Shiyan Lake, stretching a total of 30.8 kilometers. It is bordered by Shiyan Lake Road and Xinghu Road to the north, Zhoushi Road to the south, Songbai Road to the east, and a branch of Zhoushi Road to the west, nestled against mountains and waters, boasting picturesque scenery. Recognized as one of Shenzhen's "Top Ten" fitness trails, it features four themed parks along its length, from east to west: Wetland Park, Between Heaven and Earth, Moshang Flower Park, and Qingcaopai Park. This longest lakeside greenway in Shenzhen is paved with a 3.5-meter-wide permeable soft surface, with some areas utilizing a 4-meter-wide ecological wooden boardwalk. Lined with lush greenery, it provides excellent conditions for walking, jogging, and cycling, exuding a strong natural ambiance that captivates and enchants.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Huanshiyan Lake Greenway
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335471/10701203.jpg"
    title="Huanshiyan Lake Greenway"
    description="Tranquil as still water within a foot's space, harmonious like a leisurely family breeze in spring. Within this foot's space lies a two-kilometer-long wisteria corridor, where one can leisurely stroll hand in hand with a loved one, from youth to old age, accompanying each other on a long romantic journey. Occasionally, a flock of egrets resting on one side may take flight together, only to return in companionship, sharing the joys of nature with visitors. The nursery woodlands, revitalized through ecological restoration, offer both natural wilderness and thoughtful design, blending spontaneity with meticulous care, allowing every family member, young and old, to breathe in the most romantic air of nature."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335471/10701203.jpg"
    title="Huanshiyan Lake Greenway"
    description="Tranquil as still water within a foot's space, harmonious like a leisurely family breeze in spring. Within this foot's space lies a two-kilometer-long wisteria corridor, where one can leisurely stroll hand in hand with a loved one, from youth to old age, accompanying each other on a long romantic journey. Occasionally, a flock of egrets resting on one side may take flight together, only to return in companionship, sharing the joys of nature with visitors. The nursery woodlands, revitalized through ecological restoration, offer both natural wilderness and thoughtful design, blending spontaneity with meticulous care, allowing every family member, young and old, to breathe in the most romantic air of nature."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 1. Shiyan Lake Greenway [Wetland Park] (Bus Routes: M379, M472, M310; Bus Stop: East Gate of Shiyan Wetland Park)
2. Shiyan Lake Greenway [Moshanghua] (Bus Routes: M257, M472, M310, M335, M355, M535; Bus Stop: Moshanghua Park)
3. Shiyan Lake Greenway [Qingcaopai] (Bus Routes: M257, M472, M310, M335, M355, M535; Bus Stop: Qingcaopai Park)

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335478/10700676.jpg"
        title="Fenghuang Mountain Greenway"
        description="The greenway is located from the entrance of Phoenix Mountain Forest Park to the junction with the Xixiang Greenway. It fully utilizes the natural conditions of the Phoenix Mountain tourist area, stretching along mountain forest paths, hiking trails, and waterfront paths, with a total length of 9.1 kilometers. Along the way, lush vegetation, birdsong, and the fragrance of flowers accompany the journey, with streams running alongside, making it a place where visitors linger and forget to leave. The road surface is primarily paved with colored asphalt and stone, providing excellent cycling conditions. Every year, a large number of mountain biking enthusiasts from across the country come here to experience it. Currently, the Phoenix Mountain Greenway has hosted multiple editions of mountain bike races."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Fenghuang-Mountain-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335478/10700676.jpg"
        title="Fenghuang Mountain Greenway"
        description="The greenway is located from the entrance of Phoenix Mountain Forest Park to the junction with the Xixiang Greenway. It fully utilizes the natural conditions of the Phoenix Mountain tourist area, stretching along mountain forest paths, hiking trails, and waterfront paths, with a total length of 9.1 kilometers. Along the way, lush vegetation, birdsong, and the fragrance of flowers accompany the journey, with streams running alongside, making it a place where visitors linger and forget to leave. The road surface is primarily paved with colored asphalt and stone, providing excellent cycling conditions. Every year, a large number of mountain biking enthusiasts from across the country come here to experience it. Currently, the Phoenix Mountain Greenway has hosted multiple editions of mountain bike races."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Fenghuang-Mountain-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10701203.html |             |             |
:::

