---
title: Fenghuang Mountain Greenway
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Fenghuang-Mountain-Greenway/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335478/10700676.jpg',
                title: 'Fenghuang Mountain Greenway',
                description: 'The greenway is located from the entrance of Phoenix Mountain Forest Park to the junction with the Xixiang Greenway. It fully utilizes the natural conditions of the Phoenix Mountain tourist area, stretching along mountain forest paths, hiking trails, and waterfront paths, with a total length of 9.1 kilometers. Along the way, lush vegetation, birdsong, and the fragrance of flowers accompany the journey, with streams running alongside, making it a place where visitors linger and forget to leave. The road surface is primarily paved with colored asphalt and stone, providing excellent cycling conditions. Every year, a large number of mountain biking enthusiasts from across the country come here to experience it. Currently, the Phoenix Mountain Greenway has hosted multiple editions of mountain bike races.',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335478/10700676.jpg',
                title: 'Fenghuang Mountain Greenway',
                description: 'The greenway is located from the entrance of Phoenix Mountain Forest Park to the junction with the Xixiang Greenway. It fully utilizes the natural conditions of the Phoenix Mountain tourist area, stretching along mountain forest paths, hiking trails, and waterfront paths, with a total length of 9.1 kilometers. Along the way, lush vegetation, birdsong, and the fragrance of flowers accompany the journey, with streams running alongside, making it a place where visitors linger and forget to leave. The road surface is primarily paved with colored asphalt and stone, providing excellent cycling conditions. Every year, a large number of mountain biking enthusiasts from across the country come here to experience it. Currently, the Phoenix Mountain Greenway has hosted multiple editions of mountain bike races.',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Bao'an District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 9.1km
- Park Tags: Wild Charm
- Detailed Address: No. 18, Ganli Road, Gankeng Community, Jihua Subdistrict, Longgang District, Shenzhen, China
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Greenway is located from the entrance of Fenghuang Mountain Forest Park to the junction point of the Xixiang Greenway. It fully utilizes the natural conditions of the Fenghuang Mountain tourist area and is constructed along mountain forest trails, hiking paths, and waterfront paths, spanning a total length of 9.1 kilometers. Along the way, lush vegetation, birdsong, and the fragrance of flowers accompany the journey, with streams running alongside, making it a place where visitors linger and forget to leave. The road surface is primarily paved with colored asphalt and stone, providing excellent cycling conditions. Every year, a large number of mountain biking enthusiasts from across the country come here to experience it. Currently, the Fenghuang Mountain Greenway has hosted multiple national mountain biking challenge competitions, fully showcasing its unique tourism and leisure sports features.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Fenghuang Mountain Greenway
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335478/10700676.jpg"
    title="Fenghuang Mountain Greenway"
    description="The greenway is located from the entrance of Phoenix Mountain Forest Park to the junction with the Xixiang Greenway. It fully utilizes the natural conditions of the Phoenix Mountain tourist area, stretching along mountain forest paths, hiking trails, and waterfront paths, with a total length of 9.1 kilometers. Along the way, lush vegetation, birdsong, and the fragrance of flowers accompany the journey, with streams running alongside, making it a place where visitors linger and forget to leave. The road surface is primarily paved with colored asphalt and stone, providing excellent cycling conditions. Every year, a large number of mountain biking enthusiasts from across the country come here to experience it. Currently, the Phoenix Mountain Greenway has hosted multiple editions of mountain bike races."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335478/10700676.jpg"
    title="Fenghuang Mountain Greenway"
    description="The greenway is located from the entrance of Phoenix Mountain Forest Park to the junction with the Xixiang Greenway. It fully utilizes the natural conditions of the Phoenix Mountain tourist area, stretching along mountain forest paths, hiking trails, and waterfront paths, with a total length of 9.1 kilometers. Along the way, lush vegetation, birdsong, and the fragrance of flowers accompany the journey, with streams running alongside, making it a place where visitors linger and forget to leave. The road surface is primarily paved with colored asphalt and stone, providing excellent cycling conditions. Every year, a large number of mountain biking enthusiasts from across the country come here to experience it. Currently, the Phoenix Mountain Greenway has hosted multiple editions of mountain bike races."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 1. Phoenix Mountain Forest Park Station: Enter from the Phoenix Mountain Post Station.
2. Tiegang Park Station: Enter from the Tiegang Reservoir Post Station.
3. Self-driving: Public parking lot at Phoenix Mountain Park.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335484/10700371.png"
        title="Huanli Xinhu Greenway"
        description="The Huanlixin Lake Greenway is situated within the Lixin Lake Park at the foot of Phoenix Mountain, adjacent to Wangniuting to the south and overlooking the Pearl River Estuary to the west. It fully utilizes the waterfront terrain to construct a greenway approximately 8.8 kilometers long around the lake. Along the route, scenic points such as forest boardwalks, viewing platforms, lakeside walkways, and outdoor plazas have been thoughtfully integrated into the natural landscape. This comprehensive ecological waterfront scenic area combines nature conservation, ecological sightseeing, science education, leisure entertainment, and cultural experiences, making it a new urban highlight in the western coastal region of Bao'an District."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Huanli-Xinhu-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335484/10700371.png"
        title="Huanli Xinhu Greenway"
        description="The Huanlixin Lake Greenway is situated within the Lixin Lake Park at the foot of Phoenix Mountain, adjacent to Wangniuting to the south and overlooking the Pearl River Estuary to the west. It fully utilizes the waterfront terrain to construct a greenway approximately 8.8 kilometers long around the lake. Along the route, scenic points such as forest boardwalks, viewing platforms, lakeside walkways, and outdoor plazas have been thoughtfully integrated into the natural landscape. This comprehensive ecological waterfront scenic area combines nature conservation, ecological sightseeing, science education, leisure entertainment, and cultural experiences, making it a new urban highlight in the western coastal region of Bao'an District."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Huanli-Xinhu-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag | Data Source | Update Time |
| ---- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| [1] | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10700676.html |  |  |
:::

