---
title: Huanli Xinhu Greenway
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Huanli-Xinhu-Greenway/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335484/10700371.png',
                title: 'Huanli Xinhu Greenway',
                description: 'The Huanlixin Lake Greenway is situated within the Lixin Lake Park at the foot of Phoenix Mountain, adjacent to Wangniuting to the south and overlooking the Pearl River Estuary to the west. It fully utilizes the waterfront terrain to construct a greenway approximately 8.8 kilometers long around the lake. Along the route, scenic points such as forest boardwalks, viewing platforms, lakeside walkways, and outdoor plazas have been thoughtfully integrated into the natural landscape. ',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335484/10700371.png',
                title: 'Huanli Xinhu Greenway',
                description: 'The Huanlixin Lake Greenway is situated within the Lixin Lake Park at the foot of Phoenix Mountain, adjacent to Wangniuting to the south and overlooking the Pearl River Estuary to the west. It fully utilizes the waterfront terrain to construct a greenway approximately 8.8 kilometers long around the lake. Along the route, scenic points such as forest boardwalks, viewing platforms, lakeside walkways, and outdoor plazas have been thoughtfully integrated into the natural landscape. ',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Bao'an District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 8.8km
- Park Tags: Wild Charm
- Detailed Address: No. 24, Ganli Road, Gankeng Community, Jihua Subdistrict, Longgang District, Shenzhen City
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Huanlixin Lake Greenway is situated within the Lixin Lake Park at the foot of Phoenix Mountain, adjacent to Wangniuting to the south and overlooking the Pearl River Estuary to the west. It fully utilizes the waterfront terrain to construct a greenway approximately 8.8 kilometers long around the lake. Along the route, scenic points such as forest boardwalks, viewing platforms, lakeside walkways, and outdoor plazas have been thoughtfully integrated into the natural landscape. This comprehensive ecological waterfront scenic area combines nature conservation, ecological sightseeing, science education, leisure entertainment, and cultural experiences, making it a new urban highlight in the western coastal region of Bao'an District.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Huanli Xinhu Greenway
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335484/10700371.png"
    title="Huanli Xinhu Greenway"
    description="The Huanlixin Lake Greenway is situated within the Lixin Lake Park at the foot of Phoenix Mountain, adjacent to Wangniuting to the south and overlooking the Pearl River Estuary to the west. It fully utilizes the waterfront terrain to construct a greenway approximately 8.8 kilometers long around the lake. Along the route, scenic points such as forest boardwalks, viewing platforms, lakeside walkways, and outdoor plazas have been thoughtfully integrated into the natural landscape. This comprehensive ecological waterfront scenic area combines nature conservation, ecological sightseeing, science education, leisure entertainment, and cultural experiences, making it a new urban highlight in the western coastal region of Bao'an District."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335484/10700371.png"
    title="Huanli Xinhu Greenway"
    description="The Huanlixin Lake Greenway is situated within the Lixin Lake Park at the foot of Phoenix Mountain, adjacent to Wangniuting to the south and overlooking the Pearl River Estuary to the west. It fully utilizes the waterfront terrain to construct a greenway approximately 8.8 kilometers long around the lake. Along the route, scenic points such as forest boardwalks, viewing platforms, lakeside walkways, and outdoor plazas have been thoughtfully integrated into the natural landscape. This comprehensive ecological waterfront scenic area combines nature conservation, ecological sightseeing, science education, leisure entertainment, and cultural experiences, making it a new urban highlight in the western coastal region of Bao'an District."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Subway: Exit C of Qiaotou Station on Line 11, walk 800 meters.
Bus: Lixin Lake Station
Routes: 338, 668, B838, m254, and m515
Search for Lixin Lake on the map; any route that reaches the lakeside is fine. Alternatively, you can choose the nearest entrance and exit on the Greenway Guide interface of the mini-program.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335486/10701129.jpg"
        title="Longhua Ring Greenway (Yangtai Mountain Section)"
        description="The Longhua Greenway (Yangtai Mountain Section) stretches from the Dawangshi Reservoir in the north, connecting to the Dashuikeng Section, and extends to the Bujiuwo area in the south, linking to the Green Valley Park Section. Passing through the Yangtai Mountain Forest Park, it encircles the Laiwu Mountain, Lengshuikeng, and Gaofeng reservoirs, with a total length of 27.9 kilometers (including a 4.5-kilometer urban connecting section). Construction began in July 2017 and was completed in early 2019. "
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Longhua-Ring-Greenway-(Yangtai-Mountain-Section)/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335486/10701129.jpg"
        title="Longhua Ring Greenway (Yangtai Mountain Section)"
        description="The Longhua Greenway (Yangtai Mountain Section) stretches from the Dawangshi Reservoir in the north, connecting to the Dashuikeng Section, and extends to the Bujiuwo area in the south, linking to the Green Valley Park Section. Passing through the Yangtai Mountain Forest Park, it encircles the Laiwu Mountain, Lengshuikeng, and Gaofeng reservoirs, with a total length of 27.9 kilometers (including a 4.5-kilometer urban connecting section). Construction began in July 2017 and was completed in early 2019."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Longhua-Ring-Greenway-(Yangtai-Mountain-Section)/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10700371.html |             |             |
:::

