---
title: Longhua Ring Greenway (Yangtai Mountain Section)
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Longhua-Ring-Greenway-(Yangtai-Mountain-Section)/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335486/10701129.jpg',
                title: 'Longhua Ring Greenway (Yangtai Mountain Section)',
                description: 'The Longhua Greenway (Yangtai Mountain Section) stretches from the Dawangshi Reservoir in the north, connecting to the Dashuikeng Section, and extends to the Bujiuwo area in the south, linking to the Green Valley Park Section. Passing through the Yangtai Mountain Forest Park, it encircles the Laiwu Mountain, Lengshuikeng, and Gaofeng reservoirs, with a total length of 27.9 kilometers (including a 4.5-kilometer urban connecting section). Construction began in July 2017 and was completed in early 2019.',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335486/10701129.jpg',
                title: 'Longhua Ring Greenway (Yangtai Mountain Section)',
                description: 'The Longhua Greenway (Yangtai Mountain Section) stretches from the Dawangshi Reservoir in the north, connecting to the Dashuikeng Section, and extends to the Bujiuwo area in the south, linking to the Green Valley Park Section. Passing through the Yangtai Mountain Forest Park, it encircles the Laiwu Mountain, Lengshuikeng, and Gaofeng reservoirs, with a total length of 27.9 kilometers (including a 4.5-kilometer urban connecting section). Construction began in July 2017 and was completed in early 2019. ',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Longhua District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 27.9km
- Park Tags: Great Places to Take Kids
- Detailed Address: Shenzhen Luohu District, Shennan East Road No. 5002, Diwang Building
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Longhua Greenway (Yangtai Mountain Section) stretches from the Dawangshi Reservoir in the north, connecting to the Dashuikeng Section, and extends to the Bujiuwo area in the south, linking to the Green Valley Park Section. Passing through the Yangtai Mountain Forest Park and encircling the Laiwu Mountain, Lengshuikeng, and Gaofeng reservoirs, this section spans a total length of 27.9 kilometers (including a 4.5-kilometer urban connector). Construction began in July 2017 and was completed in early 2019. Leveraging the abundant natural resources such as reservoirs, valleys, rocks, and springs, this section is designed to offer a multi-faceted experience of mountain climbing, scenic overlooks, rock and spring appreciation, and valley exploration, all centered around the theme of "grand mountains and waters, ascending to enjoy the views." The Yangtai Mountain Section features 18 major scenic spots, including Purple Terrace Sunset, Bamboo Path to Seclusion, Valley of Flowers, Cloudy Stream Valley, Mountains and Waters Connecting the City, Rainforest Sanctuary, and Old Tree Cascading Springs.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Longhua Ring Greenway (Yangtai Mountain Section)
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335486/10701129.jpg"
    title="Longhua Ring Greenway (Yangtai Mountain Section)"
    description="The Longhua Greenway (Yangtai Mountain Section) stretches from the Dawangshi Reservoir in the north, connecting to the Dashuikeng Section, and extends to the Bujiuwo area in the south, linking to the Green Valley Park Section. Passing through the Yangtai Mountain Forest Park, it encircles the Laiwu Mountain, Lengshuikeng, and Gaofeng reservoirs, with a total length of 27.9 kilometers (including a 4.5-kilometer urban connecting section). Construction began in July 2017 and was completed in early 2019. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335486/10701129.jpg"
    title="Longhua Ring Greenway (Yangtai Mountain Section)"
    description="The Longhua Greenway (Yangtai Mountain Section) stretches from the Dawangshi Reservoir in the north, connecting to the Dashuikeng Section, and extends to the Bujiuwo area in the south, linking to the Green Valley Park Section. Passing through the Yangtai Mountain Forest Park, it encircles the Laiwu Mountain, Lengshuikeng, and Gaofeng reservoirs, with a total length of 27.9 kilometers (including a 4.5-kilometer urban connecting section). Construction began in July 2017 and was completed in early 2019."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To reach the Yangtai Mountain section of the Longhua Greenway, search for "Longhua Greenway" on the map and select either the "Dayingjiu Square Entrance" or the "Lengshuikeng Reservoir Entrance."

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335483/10700398.jpg"
        title="Longhua Ring Greenway (Dashuikeng Section)"
        description="The Longhua Circular Greenway (Dashuikeng Section) is located in Dashuikeng, Longhua District, in the central-northern part of Shenzhen. It starts from Jumei Road in Dashuikeng Community in the east, passes around the Dashuikeng Reservoir in Guanlan Forest Park, and connects to the Dalang Section of Provincial Greenway Line 5, with a total length of approximately 4.6 kilometers. The greenway features attractions such as the Starry Sky Greenway, Wetland Garden, Orchard Fishing Area, Longyan Inn, and Hidden Cloud Forest. Among these, the Starry Sky Greenway spans over 800 meters and is themed around astronomical phenomena. It is paved with imported luminescent materials, creating a starry sky, galaxy, and starry patterns with glowing dots after dark."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Longhua-Ring-Greenway-(Dashuikeng-Section)/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335483/10700398.jpg"
        title="Longhua Ring Greenway (Dashuikeng Section)"
        description="The Longhua Circular Greenway (Dashuikeng Section) is located in Dashuikeng, Longhua District, in the central-northern part of Shenzhen. It starts from Jumei Road in Dashuikeng Community in the east, passes around the Dashuikeng Reservoir in Guanlan Forest Park, and connects to the Dalang Section of Provincial Greenway Line 5, with a total length of approximately 4.6 kilometers. The greenway features attractions such as the Starry Sky Greenway, Wetland Garden, Orchard Fishing Area, Longyan Inn, and Hidden Cloud Forest. Among these, the Starry Sky Greenway spans over 800 meters and is themed around astronomical phenomena. It is paved with imported luminescent materials, creating a starry sky, galaxy, and starry patterns with glowing dots after dark."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Longhua-Ring-Greenway-(Dashuikeng-Section)/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10701129.html |             |             |
:::

