---
title: Longhua Ring Greenway (Dashuikeng Section)
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Longhua-Ring-Greenway-(Dashuikeng-Section)/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335483/10700398.jpg',
                title: 'Longhua Ring Greenway (Dashuikeng Section)',
                description: 'The Longhua Circular Greenway (Dashuikeng Section) is located in Dashuikeng, Longhua District, in the central-northern part of Shenzhen. It starts from Jumei Road in Dashuikeng Community in the east, passes around the Dashuikeng Reservoir in Guanlan Forest Park, and connects to the Dalang Section of Provincial Greenway Line 5, with a total length of approximately 4.6 kilometers. The greenway features attractions such as the Starry Sky Greenway, Wetland Garden, Orchard Fishing Area, Longyan Inn, and Hidden Cloud Forest. Among these, the Starry Sky Greenway spans over 800 meters and is themed around astronomical phenomena. It is paved with imported luminescent materials, creating a starry sky, galaxy, and starry patterns with glowing dots after dark.',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335483/10700398.jpg',
                title: 'Longhua Ring Greenway (Dashuikeng Section)',
                description: 'The Longhua Circular Greenway (Dashuikeng Section) is located in Dashuikeng, Longhua District, in the central-northern part of Shenzhen. It starts from Jumei Road in Dashuikeng Community in the east, passes around the Dashuikeng Reservoir in Guanlan Forest Park, and connects to the Dalang Section of Provincial Greenway Line 5, with a total length of approximately 4.6 kilometers. The greenway features attractions such as the Starry Sky Greenway, Wetland Garden, Orchard Fishing Area, Longyan Inn, and Hidden Cloud Forest. Among these, the Starry Sky Greenway spans over 800 meters and is themed around astronomical phenomena. It is paved with imported luminescent materials, creating a starry sky, galaxy, and starry patterns with glowing dots after dark.',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Longhua District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 4.6km
- Park Tags: Internet celebrity check-in spot

"网红打卡" refers to a place or location that has gained popularity on social media and is frequently visited by people, especially influencers or internet celebrities, who then share their experiences online. The term "打卡" (dǎ kǎ) literally means "punching a card" or "checking in," and in this context, it implies visiting and documenting the experience at a trendy or popular spot.
- Detailed Address: No. 23, Ganli Road, Gankeng Community, Jihua Subdistrict, Longgang District, Shenzhen City
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Longhua Greenway (Dashuikeng Section) is located in Dashuikeng, Longhua District, in the central-northern part of Shenzhen. It starts from Jumei Road in Dashuikeng Community in the east, passes around the Dashuikeng Reservoir in Guanlan Forest Park, and connects to the Dalang Section of Provincial Greenway No. 5, with a total length of approximately 4.6 kilometers. The greenway features attractions such as the Starlight Greenway, Wetland Garden, Orchard Fishing Fun, Longyan Inn, and Hidden Cloud Forest. Among these, the Starlight Greenway spans over 800 meters and is themed around astronomical phenomena. It is paved with imported luminescent materials that, after dark, form glowing patterns of stars, galaxies, nebulae, and whirlpools, creating a romantic illuminated pathway.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Longhua Ring Greenway (Dashuikeng Section)
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335483/10700398.jpg"
    title="Longhua Ring Greenway (Dashuikeng Section)"
    description="The Longhua Circular Greenway (Dashuikeng Section) is located in Dashuikeng, Longhua District, in the central-northern part of Shenzhen. It starts from Jumei Road in Dashuikeng Community in the east, passes around the Dashuikeng Reservoir in Guanlan Forest Park, and connects to the Dalang Section of Provincial Greenway Line 5, with a total length of approximately 4.6 kilometers. The greenway features attractions such as the Starry Sky Greenway, Wetland Garden, Orchard Fishing Area, Longyan Inn, and Hidden Cloud Forest. Among these, the Starry Sky Greenway spans over 800 meters and is themed around astronomical phenomena. It is paved with imported luminescent materials, creating a starry sky, galaxy, and starry patterns with glowing dots after dark."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335483/10700398.jpg"
    title="Longhua Ring Greenway (Dashuikeng Section)"
    description="The Longhua Circular Greenway (Dashuikeng Section) is located in Dashuikeng, Longhua District, in the central-northern part of Shenzhen. It starts from Jumei Road in Dashuikeng Community in the east, passes around the Dashuikeng Reservoir in Guanlan Forest Park, and connects to the Dalang Section of Provincial Greenway Line 5, with a total length of approximately 4.6 kilometers. The greenway features attractions such as the Starry Sky Greenway, Wetland Garden, Orchard Fishing Area, Longyan Inn, and Hidden Cloud Forest. Among these, the Starry Sky Greenway spans over 800 meters and is themed around astronomical phenomena. It is paved with imported luminescent materials, creating a starry sky, galaxy, and starry patterns with glowing dots after dark."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Bus M226 Dashuikeng Community Station, or navigate to "65 Dashuikeng Road". Enter Jukeng Road from Guanguang Road, proceed to the designated point ahead to access the Dalang and Guangming Greenways, or turn left to reach the Jiulongshan Digital City construction site.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335474/10700840.jpg"
        title="Xindong Greenway"
        description="The Xindong Greenway is located along the Xindong Road in Dapeng New District, stretching from the western entrance of Xindong Road to Luzui Villa, with a total length of approximately 12 kilometers. This section of the greenway is characterized by its coastal tourism and leisure sports features, with some parts of the road paved with blue asphalt, fully embodying the unique charm of a coastal greenway. Walking or cycling along the path, one can enjoy the natural scenery of Dajia Island, Luzui's seascape, and Qiniang Mountain. The seamless blend of sea and sky, along with the expansive views and beautiful landscapes, creates a refreshing and delightful experience for both residents and visitors as they traverse the area."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Xindong-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335474/10700840.jpg"
        title="Xindong Greenway"
        description="The Xindong Greenway is located along the Xindong Road in Dapeng New District, stretching from the western entrance of Xindong Road to Luzui Villa, with a total length of approximately 12 kilometers. This section of the greenway is characterized by its coastal tourism and leisure sports features, with some parts of the road paved with blue asphalt, fully embodying the unique charm of a coastal greenway. Walking or cycling along the path, one can enjoy the natural scenery of Dajia Island, Luzui's seascape, and Qiniang Mountain. The seamless blend of sea and sky, along with the expansive views and beautiful landscapes, creates a refreshing and delightful experience for both residents and visitors as they traverse the area."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Xindong-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag | Data Source | Update Time |
| ---- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| [1] | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10700398.html |  |  |
:::

