---
title: Xindong Greenway
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Xindong-Greenway/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335474/10700840.jpg',
                title: 'Xindong Greenway',
                description: 'The Xindong Greenway is located along the Xindong Road in Dapeng New District, stretching from the western entrance of Xindong Road to Luzui Villa, with a total length of approximately 12 kilometers. This section of the greenway is characterized by its coastal tourism and leisure sports features, with some parts of the road paved with blue asphalt, fully embodying the unique charm of a coastal greenway. ',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335474/10700840.jpg',
                title: 'Xindong Greenway',
                description: 'The Xindong Greenway is located along the Xindong Road in Dapeng New District, stretching from the western entrance of Xindong Road to Luzui Villa, with a total length of approximately 12 kilometers. This section of the greenway is characterized by its coastal tourism and leisure sports features, with some parts of the road paved with blue asphalt, fully embodying the unique charm of a coastal greenway.',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Dapeng New District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 12km
- Park Tags: Internet Celebrity Check-in Spot: A Sacred Place for Sea Views
- Detailed Address: No. 2 Minsheng Avenue, Shangcun Community, Gongming Subdistrict, Guangming District, Shenzhen City
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Xindong Greenway is located along the Xindong Road in Dapeng New District, stretching from the western entrance of Xindong Road to Luzui Villa, with a total length of approximately 12 kilometers. This section of the greenway is characterized by its coastal tourism and leisure sports features, with some parts of the road paved with blue asphalt, fully embodying the unique charm of a coastal greenway. Walking or cycling along the path, one can enjoy the natural scenery of Dajia Island, Luzui's seascape, and Qiniang Mountain. The seamless blend of sea and sky, along with the expansive views and beautiful landscapes, creates a refreshing and delightful experience for both residents and visitors as they traverse the area.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Xindong Greenway
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335474/10700840.jpg"
    title="Xindong Greenway"
    description="The Xindong Greenway is located along the Xindong Road in Dapeng New District, stretching from the western entrance of Xindong Road to Luzui Villa, with a total length of approximately 12 kilometers. This section of the greenway is characterized by its coastal tourism and leisure sports features, with some parts of the road paved with blue asphalt, fully embodying the unique charm of a coastal greenway. Walking or cycling along the path, one can enjoy the natural scenery of Dajia Island, Luzui's seascape, and Qiniang Mountain. The seamless blend of sea and sky, along with the expansive views and beautiful landscapes, creates a refreshing and delightful experience for both residents and visitors as they traverse the area."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335474/10700840.jpg"
    title="Xindong Greenway"
    description="The Xindong Greenway is located along the Xindong Road in Dapeng New District, stretching from the western entrance of Xindong Road to Luzui Villa, with a total length of approximately 12 kilometers. This section of the greenway is characterized by its coastal tourism and leisure sports features, with some parts of the road paved with blue asphalt, fully embodying the unique charm of a coastal greenway. Walking or cycling along the path, one can enjoy the natural scenery of Dajia Island, Luzui's seascape, and Qiniang Mountain. The seamless blend of sea and sky, along with the expansive views and beautiful landscapes, creates a refreshing and delightful experience for both residents and visitors as they traverse the area."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Public Transport: Take the Dapeng Peninsula Holiday Special Line 3, M274, or M423 to the Xinda Village Committee Station or Qixing Bay Intersection Station.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335470/10701242.jpg"
        title="Hetang Landscape Greenway"
        description="The Hetang Mountain and Water Greenway stretches from the hills behind Jinling Road in Dapeng New District in the west to the Benkang Industrial Area in the east, with Yagong Ridge at its back and adjacent to the Dapeng New District Administrative Committee and the Life Science Industrial Park. "
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Hetang-Landscape-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335470/10701242.jpg"
        title="Hetang Landscape Greenway"
        description="The Hetang Mountain and Water Greenway stretches from the hills behind Jinling Road in Dapeng New District in the west to the Benkang Industrial Area in the east, with Yagong Ridge at its back and adjacent to the Dapeng New District Administrative Committee and the Life Science Industrial Park."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Hetang-Landscape-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10700840.html |             |             |
:::

