---
title: Hetang Landscape Greenway
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Hetang-Landscape-Greenway/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335470/10701242.jpg',
                title: 'Hetang Landscape Greenway',
                description: 'The Hetang Mountain and Water Greenway stretches from the hills behind Jinling Road in Dapeng New District in the west to the Benkang Industrial Area in the east, with Yagong Ridge at its back and adjacent to the Dapeng New District Administrative Committee and the Life Science Industrial Park. ',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335470/10701242.jpg',
                title: 'Hetang Landscape Greenway',
                description: 'The Hetang Mountain and Water Greenway stretches from the hills behind Jinling Road in Dapeng New District in the west to the Benkang Industrial Area in the east, with Yagong Ridge at its back and adjacent to the Dapeng New District Administrative Committee and the Life Science Industrial Park. ',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Dapeng New District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 3km
- Park Tags: Great Places to Take Kids
- Detailed Address: No. 160 Xianhu Road, Liantang, Luohu District, Shenzhen City
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Hetang Mountain and Water Greenway stretches from the hills behind Jinling Road in Dapeng New District in the west to the Benkang Industrial Area in the east, with Yagong Ridge at its back and adjacent to the Dapeng New District Administrative Committee and the Life Science Industrial Park. The greenway, approximately 3 kilometers in total, is themed around ecological health and oxygen, using Dapeng's "mountains and waters" as its foundation. The design integrates elements of "running, cycling, and fun" along with cultural aspects, effectively linking the hills behind the administrative committee and the Fengshu Mountain ecological area. It serves as a vital ecological landscape corridor in the central area of Kuichong.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Hetang Landscape Greenway
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335470/10701242.jpg"
    title="Hetang Landscape Greenway"
    description="The Hetang Mountain and Water Greenway stretches from the hills behind Jinling Road in Dapeng New District in the west to the Benkang Industrial Area in the east, with Yagong Ridge at its back and adjacent to the Dapeng New District Administrative Committee and the Life Science Industrial Park. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335470/10701242.jpg"
    title="Hetang Landscape Greenway"
    description="The Hetang Mountain and Water Greenway stretches from the hills behind Jinling Road in Dapeng New District in the west to the Benkang Industrial Area in the east, with Yagong Ridge at its back and adjacent to the Dapeng New District Administrative Committee and the Life Science Industrial Park. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: The greenway is located within Hetang Shanshui Park. You can navigate by searching for "Hetang Shanshui Park." Parking nearby is inconvenient, so it is recommended to use public transportation. The nearest bus stop is "Dapeng New District Administrative Committee."

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335476/10700755.jpg"
        title="Haibei Bay-Shexia Bay Greenway"
        description="Haibei Bay - Shexia Bay Greenway is located in the central area of Nan'ao. It stretches from Haibei Bay Beach in the north to Shexia Bay in the south, passing by Xiaqisha Wharf, Maldives Beach, Nan'ao Moon Bay Square, and Moon Bay Shuangyong Wharf, with a total length of approximately 3.5 kilometers. This greenway connects the central area of Nan'ao with numerous coastal tourist attractions, extending southward along Dapeng Bay. Along the way, one can listen to the waves, enjoy the sea view, and admire the coconut groves and sandy beaches. From a distance, one can see Hong Kong's Ping Chau Island, and up close, one can appreciate the seascape of Nan'ao. It embodies the unique mountain and sea characteristics of Dapeng and is a new type of seaside greenway developed by Dapeng New District."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Haibei-Bay-Shexia-Bay-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335476/10700755.jpg"
        title="Haibei Bay-Shexia Bay Greenway"
        description="Haibei Bay - Shexia Bay Greenway is located in the central area of Nan'ao. It stretches from Haibei Bay Beach in the north to Shexia Bay in the south, passing by Xiaqisha Wharf, Maldives Beach, Nan'ao Moon Bay Square, and Moon Bay Shuangyong Wharf, with a total length of approximately 3.5 kilometers. This greenway connects the central area of Nan'ao with numerous coastal tourist attractions, extending southward along Dapeng Bay. Along the way, one can listen to the waves, enjoy the sea view, and admire the coconut groves and sandy beaches. From a distance, one can see Hong Kong's Ping Chau Island, and up close, one can appreciate the seascape of Nan'ao. It embodies the unique mountain and sea characteristics of Dapeng and is a new type of seaside greenway developed by Dapeng New District."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Haibei-Bay-Shexia-Bay-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10701242.html |             |             |
:::

