---
title: Haibei Bay-Shexia Bay Greenway
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Haibei-Bay-Shexia-Bay-Greenway/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335476/10700755.jpg',
                title: 'Haibei Bay-Shexia Bay Greenway',
                description: " It stretches from Haibei Bay Beach in the north to Shexia Bay in the south, passing by Xiaqisha Wharf, Maldives Beach, Nan'ao Moon Bay Square, and Moon Bay Shuangyong Wharf, with a total length of approximately 3.5 kilometers. This greenway connects the central area of Nan'ao with numerous coastal tourist attractions, extending southward along Dapeng Bay. Along the way, one can listen to the waves, enjoy the sea view, and admire the coconut groves and sandy beaches. From a distance, one can see Hong Kong's Ping Chau Island, and up close, one can appreciate the seascape of Nan'ao. It embodies the unique mountain and sea characteristics of Dapeng and is a new type of seaside greenway developed by Dapeng New District.",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335476/10700755.jpg',
                title: 'Haibei Bay-Shexia Bay Greenway',
                description: "Haibei Bay - Shexia Bay Greenway is located in the central area of Nan'ao. It stretches from Haibei Bay Beach in the north to Shexia Bay in the south, passing by Xiaqisha Wharf, Maldives Beach, Nan'ao Moon Bay Square, and Moon Bay Shuangyong Wharf, with a total length of approximately 3.5 kilometers. This greenway connects the central area of Nan'ao with numerous coastal tourist attractions, extending southward along Dapeng Bay. Along the way, one can listen to the waves, enjoy the sea view, and admire the coconut groves and sandy beaches. From a distance, one can see Hong Kong's Ping Chau Island, and up close, one can appreciate the seascape of Nan'ao. It embodies the unique mountain and sea characteristics of Dapeng and is a new type of seaside greenway developed by Dapeng New District.",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Dapeng New District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 3.5km
- Park Tags: Seaside Sanctuary
- Detailed Address: Intersection of Haitian Road and Baohua Road, Xin'an Subdistrict, Bao'an District, Shenzhen City
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Haibei Bay-Shexia Bay Greenway is located in the central area of Nan'ao, stretching approximately 3.5 kilometers from Haibei Bay Beach in the north to Shexia Bay in the south. It passes by the Xiaqisha Pier, Maldives Beach, Nan'ao Moon Bay Plaza, and the Moon Bay Shuangyong Pier. This greenway connects the central area of Nan'ao with numerous coastal tourism attractions, extending southward along Dapeng Bay. Along the way, visitors can enjoy the sound of waves, the view of the sea, coconut groves, and sandy beaches. From a distance, one can see Hong Kong's Ping Chau Island, and up close, the scenic views of Nan'ao's coastline. This greenway embodies the unique mountain and sea characteristics of Dapeng and is a newly developed coastal greenway in the Dapeng New District.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Haibei Bay-Shexia Bay Greenway
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335476/10700755.jpg"
    title="Haibei Bay-Shexia Bay Greenway"
    description="Haibei Bay - Shexia Bay Greenway is located in the central area of Nan'ao. It stretches from Haibei Bay Beach in the north to Shexia Bay in the south, passing by Xiaqisha Wharf, Maldives Beach, Nan'ao Moon Bay Square, and Moon Bay Shuangyong Wharf, with a total length of approximately 3.5 kilometers. This greenway connects the central area of Nan'ao with numerous coastal tourist attractions, extending southward along Dapeng Bay. Along the way, one can listen to the waves, enjoy the sea view, and admire the coconut groves and sandy beaches. From a distance, one can see Hong Kong's Ping Chau Island, and up close, one can appreciate the seascape of Nan'ao. It embodies the unique mountain and sea characteristics of Dapeng and is a new type of seaside greenway developed by Dapeng New District."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335476/10700755.jpg"
    title="Haibei Bay-Shexia Bay Greenway"
    description="Haibei Bay - Shexia Bay Greenway is located in the central area of Nan'ao. It stretches from Haibei Bay Beach in the north to Shexia Bay in the south, passing by Xiaqisha Wharf, Maldives Beach, Nan'ao Moon Bay Square, and Moon Bay Shuangyong Wharf, with a total length of approximately 3.5 kilometers. This greenway connects the central area of Nan'ao with numerous coastal tourist attractions, extending southward along Dapeng Bay. Along the way, one can listen to the waves, enjoy the sea view, and admire the coconut groves and sandy beaches. From a distance, one can see Hong Kong's Ping Chau Island, and up close, one can appreciate the seascape of Nan'ao. It embodies the unique mountain and sea characteristics of Dapeng and is a new type of seaside greenway developed by Dapeng New District."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To reach the starting point of this greenway, take buses such as E11, Tourist Line 5, 818, 833, E26, or the Dapeng Holiday Line to Dapeng Center Station in Shenzhen city. Then transfer to buses M231, M232, M274, or M321 and get off at Haibei Bay Station.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335477/10700713.jpg"
        title="Tanxian Temple-Xiaosanzhou Greenway"
        description="Tanxian Temple - Xiaosanzhou Greenway: This section of the greenway is part of Provincial Greenway Route 2, starting at the City Wildlife Rescue Center and ending at the Xiaosanzhou Reservoir, spanning approximately 11 kilometers. Along the greenway, you'll encounter cultural and natural attractions such as the cherry blossom grove, Tanxian Temple, Yuanshan Mountain, and the pumped-storage power station. The route is adorned with beautiful mountains, stunning scenery, an abundance of exotic flowers and trees, and meandering streams, making it an excellent destination for those seeking to connect with nature and enjoy mountain leisure and exercise."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Tanxian-Temple-Xiaosanzhou-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335477/10700713.jpg"
        title="Tanxian Temple-Xiaosanzhou Greenway"
        description="Tanxian Temple - Xiaosanzhou Greenway: This section of the greenway is part of Provincial Greenway Route 2, starting at the City Wildlife Rescue Center and ending at the Xiaosanzhou Reservoir, spanning approximately 11 kilometers. Along the greenway, you'll encounter cultural and natural attractions such as the cherry blossom grove, Tanxian Temple, Yuanshan Mountain, and the pumped-storage power station. The route is adorned with beautiful mountains, stunning scenery, an abundance of exotic flowers and trees, and meandering streams, making it an excellent destination for those seeking to connect with nature and enjoy mountain leisure and exercise."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Tanxian-Temple-Xiaosanzhou-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10700755.html |             |             |
:::

