---
title: Tanxian Temple-Xiaosanzhou Greenway
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Tanxian-Temple-Xiaosanzhou-Greenway/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335477/10700713.jpg',
                title: 'Tanxian Temple-Xiaosanzhou Greenway',
                description: " Tanxian Temple - Xiaosanzhou Greenway: This section of the greenway is part of Provincial Greenway Route 2, starting at the City Wildlife Rescue Center and ending at the Xiaosanzhou Reservoir, spanning approximately 11 kilometers. Along the greenway, you'll encounter cultural and natural attractions such as the cherry blossom grove, Tanxian Temple, Yuanshan Mountain, and the pumped-storage power station. The route is adorned with beautiful mountains, stunning scenery, an abundance of exotic flowers and trees, and meandering streams, making it an excellent destination for those seeking to connect with nature and enjoy mountain leisure and exercise.",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335477/10700713.jpg',
                title: 'Tanxian Temple-Xiaosanzhou Greenway',
                description: " Tanxian Temple - Xiaosanzhou Greenway: This section of the greenway is part of Provincial Greenway Route 2, starting at the City Wildlife Rescue Center and ending at the Xiaosanzhou Reservoir, spanning approximately 11 kilometers. Along the greenway, you'll encounter cultural and natural attractions such as the cherry blossom grove, Tanxian Temple, Yuanshan Mountain, and the pumped-storage power station. The route is adorned with beautiful mountains, stunning scenery, an abundance of exotic flowers and trees, and meandering streams, making it an excellent destination for those seeking to connect with nature and enjoy mountain leisure and exercise.",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Yantian District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 11km
- Park Tags: Wild Charm
- Detailed Address: No. 53, Xinmu Avenue, Xinmu Community, Pinghu Subdistrict, Longgang District, Shenzhen City
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Tanxian Temple - Xiaosanzhou Greenway: This section of the greenway is part of Provincial Greenway Route 2, starting at the City Wildlife Rescue Center and ending at the Xiaosanzhou Reservoir, spanning approximately 11 kilometers. Along the greenway, you'll encounter cultural and natural attractions such as the cherry blossom grove, Tanxian Temple, Yuanshan Mountain, and the pumped-storage power station. The route is adorned with beautiful mountains, stunning scenery, an abundance of exotic flowers and trees, and meandering streams, making it an excellent destination for those seeking to connect with nature and enjoy mountain leisure and exercise.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Tanxian Temple-Xiaosanzhou Greenway
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335477/10700713.jpg"
    title="Tanxian Temple-Xiaosanzhou Greenway"
    description="Tanxian Temple - Xiaosanzhou Greenway: This section of the greenway is part of Provincial Greenway Route 2, starting at the City Wildlife Rescue Center and ending at the Xiaosanzhou Reservoir, spanning approximately 11 kilometers. Along the greenway, you'll encounter cultural and natural attractions such as the cherry blossom grove, Tanxian Temple, Yuanshan Mountain, and the pumped-storage power station. The route is adorned with beautiful mountains, stunning scenery, an abundance of exotic flowers and trees, and meandering streams, making it an excellent destination for those seeking to connect with nature and enjoy mountain leisure and exercise."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335477/10700713.jpg"
    title="Tanxian Temple-Xiaosanzhou Greenway"
    description="Tanxian Temple - Xiaosanzhou Greenway: This section of the greenway is part of Provincial Greenway Route 2, starting at the City Wildlife Rescue Center and ending at the Xiaosanzhou Reservoir, spanning approximately 11 kilometers. Along the greenway, you'll encounter cultural and natural attractions such as the cherry blossom grove, Tanxian Temple, Yuanshan Mountain, and the pumped-storage power station. The route is adorned with beautiful mountains, stunning scenery, an abundance of exotic flowers and trees, and meandering streams, making it an excellent destination for those seeking to connect with nature and enjoy mountain leisure and exercise."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 1. Left entrance of the Yantian Toll Station on the Yanpai Expressway;
2. Xikeng Village, Yuanshan Subdistrict;
3. Yong'an North First Road in Yantian, entering the greenway along the Second Line Patrol Road;
4. Hengyan Road from Yantian towards Henggang direction;
5. Xiaosanzhou Road towards the Pumped Storage Power Station (Upper Reservoir) direction;
6. Yansan Road towards the Pumped Storage Power Station (Upper Reservoir) direction.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335465/10701541.jpg"
        title="Yantian Seaside Boardwalk"
        description="The Yantian Seafront Boardwalk is located in Yantian District, Shenzhen, spanning a total length of 19.5 kilometers. It starts from the Zhongying Street Ancient Tower Park in the west, following the golden coastline, connecting Shatoujiao, Yantian Port, Seafood Street, Dameisha, Xiaomeisha, and extending east to Beizai Corner. On one end, it embraces the natural scenery of blue skies and seas, while on the other, it links to the century-old cultural heritage of ' one street, two systems. ' Divided into three thematic sections (City Pulse, Port City Adventure, and Mountain-Sea Fusion) as a ' city space link, ' the urban life waterfront section includes the Zhongying Street coastline boardwalk and the seaview road's waterfront landscape."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Yantian-Seaside-Boardwalk/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335465/10701541.jpg"
        title="Yantian Seaside Boardwalk"
        description="The Yantian Seafront Boardwalk is located in Yantian District, Shenzhen, spanning a total length of 19.5 kilometers. It starts from the Zhongying Street Ancient Tower Park in the west, following the golden coastline, connecting Shatoujiao, Yantian Port, Seafood Street, Dameisha, Xiaomeisha, and extending east to Beizai Corner. On one end, it embraces the natural scenery of blue skies and seas, while on the other, it links to the century-old cultural heritage of ' one street, two systems. ' Divided into three thematic sections (City Pulse, Port City Adventure, and Mountain-Sea Fusion) as a ' city space link, ' the urban life waterfront section includes the Zhongying Street coastline boardwalk and the seaview road's waterfront landscape."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Yantian-Seaside-Boardwalk/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10700713.html |             |             |
:::

