---
title: Yantian Seaside Boardwalk
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Yantian-Seaside-Boardwalk/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335465/10701541.jpg',
                title: 'Yantian Seaside Boardwalk',
                description: " The Yantian Seafront Boardwalk is located in Yantian District, Shenzhen, spanning a total length of 19.5 kilometers. It starts from the Zhongying Street Ancient Tower Park in the west, following the golden coastline, connecting Shatoujiao, Yantian Port, Seafood Street, Dameisha, Xiaomeisha, and extending east to Beizai Corner. On one end, it embraces the natural scenery of blue skies and seas, while on the other, it links to the century-old cultural heritage of ' one street, two systems. ' Divided into three thematic sections (City Pulse, Port City Adventure, and Mountain-Sea Fusion) as a ' city space link, ' the urban life waterfront section includes the Zhongying Street coastline boardwalk and the seaview road's waterfront landscape.",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335465/10701541.jpg',
                title: 'Yantian Seaside Boardwalk',
                description: " The Yantian Seafront Boardwalk is located in Yantian District, Shenzhen, spanning a total length of 19.5 kilometers. It starts from the Zhongying Street Ancient Tower Park in the west, following the golden coastline, connecting Shatoujiao, Yantian Port, Seafood Street, Dameisha, Xiaomeisha, and extending east to Beizai Corner. On one end, it embraces the natural scenery of blue skies and seas, while on the other, it links to the century-old cultural heritage of ' one street, two systems. ' Divided into three thematic sections (City Pulse, Port City Adventure, and Mountain-Sea Fusion) as a ' city space link, ' the urban life waterfront section includes the Zhongying Street coastline boardwalk and the seaview road's waterfront landscape.",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Yantian District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 19.05km
- Park Tags: Internet Celebrity Check-in Spot: A Sacred Place for Sea Views
- Detailed Address: East side of Xili Lake Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen City
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Yantian Coastal Boardwalk is located in Yantian District, Shenzhen, spanning a total length of 19.5 kilometers. It begins at the Zhongying Street Ancient Tower Park in the west, following the golden coastline, and connects Shatoujiao, Yantian Port, Seafood Street, Dameisha, and Xiaomeisha, extending eastward to Beizai Corner. On one end, it embraces the natural beauty of blue skies and seas, and on the other, it ties to the century-old cultural heritage of ' one street, two systems. ' Divided into three thematic sections (City Pulse, Port Adventure, and Mountain-Sea Fusion) as a ' city space link, ' the boardwalk includes: the urban life shoreline section, featuring the Zhongying Street coastline boardwalk and the seaview road's waterfront landscape walking system; the industrial port area shoreline section, divided into four themes: "Green Canopy," "Harbor Impressions," "Fishing Boats at Dusk," and "Mountain-Sea Wonders"; and the natural ecological shoreline section, comprising five parts: "Dameisha West Boardwalk," "Dameisha Seaside Park," "Dameisha East Boardwalk," "Xiaomeisha Seaside Park," and "Beizai Corner Boardwalk." Passing by famous tourist attractions such as Zhongying Street, Yantian Port, Guanhai Fishing Port, Dameisha Park, and Xiaomeisha Park, it has become a new scenic spot along Shenzhen's eastern coastline, favored by tourists for its beautiful scenery, rich cultural heritage, free access, and seafood delicacies.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Yantian Seaside Boardwalk
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335465/10701541.jpg"
    title="Yantian Seaside Boardwalk"
    description="The Yantian Seafront Boardwalk is located in Yantian District, Shenzhen, spanning a total length of 19.5 kilometers. It starts from the Zhongying Street Ancient Tower Park in the west, following the golden coastline, connecting Shatoujiao, Yantian Port, Seafood Street, Dameisha, Xiaomeisha, and extending east to Beizai Corner. On one end, it embraces the natural scenery of blue skies and seas, while on the other, it links to the century-old cultural heritage of ' one street, two systems. ' Divided into three thematic sections (City Pulse, Port City Adventure, and Mountain-Sea Fusion) as a ' city space link, ' the urban life waterfront section includes the Zhongying Street coastline boardwalk and the seaview road's waterfront landscape."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335465/10701541.jpg"
    title="Yantian Seaside Boardwalk"
    description="The Yantian Seafront Boardwalk is located in Yantian District, Shenzhen, spanning a total length of 19.5 kilometers. It starts from the Zhongying Street Ancient Tower Park in the west, following the golden coastline, connecting Shatoujiao, Yantian Port, Seafood Street, Dameisha, Xiaomeisha, and extending east to Beizai Corner. On one end, it embraces the natural scenery of blue skies and seas, while on the other, it links to the century-old cultural heritage of ' one street, two systems. ' Divided into three thematic sections (City Pulse, Port City Adventure, and Mountain-Sea Fusion) as a ' city space link, ' the urban life waterfront section includes the Zhongying Street coastline boardwalk and the seaview road's waterfront landscape."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 1. Yantian Seafood Street, enter the greenway along the street;
2. Dameisha Entrance;
3. Xiaomeisha Entrance;
4. Beizai Corner, Overseas Chinese Cemetery Station.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335485/10700346.jpg"
        title="Banshan Greenway (Enshang-Yangao Section)"
        description="The Banshan Greenway in Yantian District (from Enshang to Yantian High School) starts at Shatoujiao Forest Farm and ends at Yantian High School, with a total length of approximately 9 kilometers. The project combines renovation and new construction, using slow-moving paths as the link to connect greenways and mountain trails, creating small and large loops. Ultimately, it achieves the organic integration of one wetland park landscape node, three parks (nodes), eight mountain and sea viewing platforms, and eight mountain trail entrances. This greenway is seamlessly combined with the city's boutique belt and coastal leisure belt in the district, scientifically utilizing the natural resources of the mountains and sea to create a comprehensive network."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Banshan-Greenway-(Enshang-Yangao-Section)/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335485/10700346.jpg"
        title="Banshan Greenway (Enshang-Yangao Section)"
        description="The Banshan Greenway in Yantian District (from Enshang to Yantian High School) starts at Shatoujiao Forest Farm and ends at Yantian High School, with a total length of approximately 9 kilometers. The project combines renovation and new construction, using slow-moving paths as the link to connect greenways and mountain trails, creating small and large loops. Ultimately, it achieves the organic integration of one wetland park landscape node, three parks (nodes), eight mountain and sea viewing platforms, and eight mountain trail entrances. This greenway is seamlessly combined with the city's boutique belt and coastal leisure belt in the district, scientifically utilizing the natural resources of the mountains and sea to create a comprehensive network."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Banshan-Greenway-(Enshang-Yangao-Section)/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10701541.html |             |             |
:::

