---
title: Taojin Mountain Greenway
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Taojin-Mountain-Greenway/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335464/10701556.jpg',
                title: 'Taojin Mountain Greenway',
                description: 'Taoshan Greenway is located within the "Yangtai Mountain - Wutong Mountain - Pingshan River Ecological Corridor." It starts at Cuihu Community, passes through Buxin Mountain and the Second Line Patrol Road, and ends at Shawan Road, spanning a total length of 7.07 kilometers (with the main route being 6.59 kilometers and the Buxin Mountain hiking trail extending 0.48 kilometers). The greenway features 13 scenic nodes and 3 rest stations. Centered around the ecological environment experience of Wutong Mountain, the greenway integrates cultural enhancement, sports activities, and leisure entertainment. It fully leverages the resources of the Special Zone Management Line, preserving and enhancing the existing border areas.',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335464/10701556.jpg',
                title: 'Taojin Mountain Greenway',
                description: 'Taoshan Greenway is located within the "Yangtai Mountain - Wutong Mountain - Pingshan River Ecological Corridor." It starts at Cuihu Community, passes through Buxin Mountain and the Second Line Patrol Road, and ends at Shawan Road, spanning a total length of 7.07 kilometers (with the main route being 6.59 kilometers and the Buxin Mountain hiking trail extending 0.48 kilometers). The greenway features 13 scenic nodes and 3 rest stations. Centered around the ecological environment experience of Wutong Mountain, the greenway integrates cultural enhancement, sports activities, and leisure entertainment. It fully leverages the resources of the Special Zone Management Line, preserving and enhancing the existing border areas.',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Luohu District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 7.07km
- Park Tags: Internet celebrity check-in spot

"网红打卡" refers to a place or location that has gained popularity on social media and is frequently visited by people, especially influencers or internet celebrities, who then share their experiences online. The term "打卡" (dǎ kǎ) literally means "punching a card" or "checking in," and in this context, it implies visiting and documenting the experience at a trendy or popular spot.
- Detailed Address: The Overseas Chinese Town (OCT) East Tourist Resort, located in Dameisha, Yantian District, Shenzhen City.
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Taoshan Mountain Greenway is situated within the "Yangtai Mountain - Wutong Mountain - Pingshan River Ecological Corridor." It begins at Cuihu Community, passes through Buxin Mountain and the Second Line Patrol Road, and ends at Shawan Road, spanning a total length of 7.07 kilometers (with a main route of 6.59 kilometers and a 0.48-kilometer hiking trail on Buxin Mountain). The greenway features 13 scenic nodes and 3 rest stations. Centered around the ecological environment of Wutong Mountain, the greenway integrates cultural enhancement, sports activities, and leisure entertainment. It fully leverages the resources of the Special Zone Management Line, preserving and enhancing existing border facilities, military features, and the ecological environment. With "refinement" and "rustic charm" as its guiding principles, the greenway employs sponge technology and smart technology to extend the ecological environment of Wutong Mountain, creating a comprehensive green corridor. The greenway is designed to be a safe, beautiful, and comfortable suburban ecological trail, divided into four themed sections along its route: "Colorful Splendor," "Mountain Forest Delights," "Layered Green Mountains and Lakes," and "Green Corridor Scenic Views." It includes attractions such as Wind Chime Valley, Qixia Rest Station, and Lakeside Vista, offering residents and visitors a unique "gold-digging" journey.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Taojin Mountain Greenway
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335464/10701556.jpg"
    title="Taojin Mountain Greenway"
    description="Taoshan Greenway is located within the 'Yangtai Mountain - Wutong Mountain - Pingshan River Ecological Corridor.' It starts at Cuihu Community, passes through Buxin Mountain and the Second Line Patrol Road, and ends at Shawan Road, spanning a total length of 7.07 kilometers (with the main route being 6.59 kilometers and the Buxin Mountain hiking trail extending 0.48 kilometers). The greenway features 13 scenic nodes and 3 rest stations. Centered around the ecological environment experience of Wutong Mountain, the greenway integrates cultural enhancement, sports activities, and leisure entertainment. It fully leverages the resources of the Special Zone Management Line, preserving and enhancing the existing border areas."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335464/10701556.jpg"
    title="Taojin Mountain Greenway"
    description="Taoshan Greenway is located within the 'Yangtai Mountain - Wutong Mountain - Pingshan River Ecological Corridor.' It starts at Cuihu Community, passes through Buxin Mountain and the Second Line Patrol Road, and ends at Shawan Road, spanning a total length of 7.07 kilometers (with the main route being 6.59 kilometers and the Buxin Mountain hiking trail extending 0.48 kilometers). The greenway features 13 scenic nodes and 3 rest stations. Centered around the ecological environment experience of Wutong Mountain, the greenway integrates cultural enhancement, sports activities, and leisure entertainment. It fully leverages the resources of the Special Zone Management Line, preserving and enhancing the existing border areas."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 1. Public Transportation
Bus Stops: Taojinshan Greenway South Station, Shawan Bus Terminal

2. Self-Driving
Using the Baidu Maps app, enter "Taojinshan Greenway" or the point of interest "Cuiyin Station" in the search bar to complete the route planning for the greenway and enter navigation mode.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335463/10701711.jpg"
        title="Dasha River Ecological Corridor Greenway"
        description="The tranquil waters of the Bishui River flow for thousands of miles, with lush greenery providing constant delight. The Dashe River Ecological Corridor is a waterfront promenade that offers scenic views and blooming flowers throughout the four seasons. Stretching 13.7 kilometers with a total construction area of approximately 950,000 square meters, it runs from the estuary of the Dashe River to the Changlingpi Reservoir, connecting the Shenzhen Bay Coastal Leisure Belt and the Shenzhen Talent Park. "
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Dasha-River-Ecological-Corridor-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335463/10701711.jpg"
        title="Dasha River Ecological Corridor Greenway"
        description="The tranquil waters of the Bishui River flow for thousands of miles, with lush greenery providing constant delight. The Dashe River Ecological Corridor is a waterfront promenade that offers scenic views and blooming flowers throughout the four seasons. Stretching 13.7 kilometers with a total construction area of approximately 950,000 square meters, it runs from the estuary of the Dashe River to the Changlingpi Reservoir, connecting the Shenzhen Bay Coastal Leisure Belt and the Shenzhen Talent Park."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Dasha-River-Ecological-Corridor-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10701556.html |             |             |
:::

