---
title: Longcheng Park Greenway
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Longcheng-Park-Greenway/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335480/10700493.jpg',
                title: 'Longcheng Park Greenway',
                description: " The Greenway is located in Longcheng Park, the central area of Longgang District. It starts from the New Asia Garden on Jixiang Middle Road in the east, connects to Huangge Middle Road in the west, borders Qinglin Middle Road in the north, and reaches Ruyi Road in the south. With a length of 7.1 kilometers, it is an integral part of the premium landscape greenway featuring two lakes and one ridge, the grand central city green loop, and the international Longma race track. Relying on Longcheng Park, the greenway is surrounded by more than ten peaks of varying sizes, which outline a dynamic ridgeline for the city's skyline, forming a ' dragon vein.' This provides visitors with an excellent venue for climbing high to enjoy panoramic views and absorbing the spiritual energy of the universe.",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335480/10700493.jpg',
                title: 'Longcheng Park Greenway',
                description: " The Greenway is located in Longcheng Park, the central area of Longgang District. It starts from the New Asia Garden on Jixiang Middle Road in the east, connects to Huangge Middle Road in the west, borders Qinglin Middle Road in the north, and reaches Ruyi Road in the south. With a length of 7.1 kilometers, it is an integral part of the premium landscape greenway featuring two lakes and one ridge, the grand central city green loop, and the international Longma race track. Relying on Longcheng Park, the greenway is surrounded by more than ten peaks of varying sizes, which outline a dynamic ridgeline for the city's skyline, forming a ' dragon vein.' This provides visitors with an excellent venue for climbing high to enjoy panoramic views and absorbing the spiritual energy of the universe.",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Longgang District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 7.1km
- Park Tags: Great Places to Take Kids: Natural Oxygen Bars
- Detailed Address: No. 21, Ganli Road, Gankeng Community, Jihua Subdistrict, Longgang District, Shenzhen City
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Greenway is located in Longcheng Park, in the central area of Longgang District. It stretches from New Asia Garden on Jixiang Middle Road in the east to Huangge Middle Road in the west, bordered by Qinglin Middle Road to the north and Ruyi Road to the south. With a total length of 7.1 kilometers, it is an integral part of the premium Two Lakes and One Ridge Scenic Greenway, the Greater Central City Green Loop, and the International Longma Race Track. Nestled within Longcheng Park, the Greenway is surrounded by more than ten peaks of varying sizes, which outline the undulating skyline of the city, forming a ' dragon vein.' This provides visitors with an excellent spot for climbing high and enjoying panoramic views while absorbing the natural energy of the surroundings. The Greenway is a leisure space that emphasizes the three core concepts and features of ecology, culture, and vitality.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Longcheng Park Greenway
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335480/10700493.jpg"
    title="Longcheng Park Greenway"
    description="The Greenway is located in Longcheng Park, the central area of Longgang District. It starts from the New Asia Garden on Jixiang Middle Road in the east, connects to Huangge Middle Road in the west, borders Qinglin Middle Road in the north, and reaches Ruyi Road in the south. With a length of 7.1 kilometers, it is an integral part of the premium landscape greenway featuring two lakes and one ridge, the grand central city green loop, and the international Longma race track. Relying on Longcheng Park, the greenway is surrounded by more than ten peaks of varying sizes, which outline a dynamic ridgeline for the city's skyline, forming a ' dragon vein.' This provides visitors with an excellent venue for climbing high to enjoy panoramic views and absorbing the spiritual energy of the universe."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335480/10700493.jpg"
    title="Longcheng Park Greenway"
    description="The Greenway is located in Longcheng Park, the central area of Longgang District. It starts from the New Asia Garden on Jixiang Middle Road in the east, connects to Huangge Middle Road in the west, borders Qinglin Middle Road in the north, and reaches Ruyi Road in the south. With a length of 7.1 kilometers, it is an integral part of the premium landscape greenway featuring two lakes and one ridge, the grand central city green loop, and the international Longma race track. Relying on Longcheng Park, the greenway is surrounded by more than ten peaks of varying sizes, which outline a dynamic ridgeline for the city's skyline, forming a ' dragon vein.' This provides visitors with an excellent venue for climbing high to enjoy panoramic views and absorbing the spiritual energy of the universe."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 1. Hexing Garden Station (Routes: M139, M220, M447, 833, E5, E25, E27)
2. Huangge Cuiyuan Station (Routes: 810, 818, 833, E25, E27, M139, M220, M229, M367b, M446, M447)
3. Longgang Senior Cadre Center Station (Routes: 365, E25, E27, E5, M139, M230, M280, M319, M320, M386, M447, Peak Line 181)

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335482/10700416.jpg"
        title="Dayun Greenway"
        description="The Dayun Greenway is located within Dayun Park, built along the mountains and waters, with a total length of approximately 7.8 kilometers. It is part of the Provincial Greenway Route No. 2. Along the way, it passes by characteristic landscapes such as Shenxian Lake, The Chinese University of Hong Kong (Shenzhen), the Ecological Lawn, the Flower Mountain and Sea, and the U-shaped Lake. The main park road greenway of Dayun is a cycling-friendly path, about 4.2 kilometers long and 5 meters wide, conveniently located with clean and safe surfaces. It is equipped with rest benches and other facilities along the way. Within a 500-meter radius of this greenway, there are the Dayun Crystal City and the Dayun Swimming Pool, making it a popular spot for citizens."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Dayun-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335482/10700416.jpg"
        title="Dayun Greenway"
        description="The Dayun Greenway is located within Dayun Park, built along the mountains and waters, with a total length of approximately 7.8 kilometers. It is part of the Provincial Greenway Route No. 2. Along the way, it passes by characteristic landscapes such as Shenxian Lake, The Chinese University of Hong Kong (Shenzhen), the Ecological Lawn, the Flower Mountain and Sea, and the U-shaped Lake. The main park road greenway of Dayun is a cycling-friendly path, about 4.2 kilometers long and 5 meters wide, conveniently located with clean and safe surfaces. It is equipped with rest benches and other facilities along the way. Within a 500-meter radius of this greenway, there are the Dayun Crystal City and the Dayun Swimming Pool, making it a popular spot for citizens."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Dayun-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10700493.html |             |             |
:::

