---
title: Dayun Greenway
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Dayun-Greenway/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335482/10700416.jpg',
                title: 'Dayun Greenway',
                description: 'The Dayun Greenway is located within Dayun Park, built along the mountains and waters, with a total length of approximately 7.8 kilometers. It is part of the Provincial Greenway Route No. 2. Along the way, it passes by characteristic landscapes such as Shenxian Lake, The Chinese University of Hong Kong (Shenzhen), the Ecological Lawn, the Flower Mountain and Sea, and the U-shaped Lake. The main park road greenway of Dayun is a cycling-friendly path, about 4.2 kilometers long and 5 meters wide, conveniently located with clean and safe surfaces. It is equipped with rest benches and other facilities along the way. Within a 500-meter radius of this greenway, there are the Dayun Crystal City and the Dayun Swimming Pool, making it a popular spot for citizens.',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335482/10700416.jpg',
                title: 'Dayun Greenway',
                description: 'The Dayun Greenway is located within Dayun Park, built along the mountains and waters, with a total length of approximately 7.8 kilometers. It is part of the Provincial Greenway Route No. 2. Along the way, it passes by characteristic landscapes such as Shenxian Lake, The Chinese University of Hong Kong (Shenzhen), the Ecological Lawn, the Flower Mountain and Sea, and the U-shaped Lake. The main park road greenway of Dayun is a cycling-friendly path, about 4.2 kilometers long and 5 meters wide, conveniently located with clean and safe surfaces. It is equipped with rest benches and other facilities along the way. Within a 500-meter radius of this greenway, there are the Dayun Crystal City and the Dayun Swimming Pool, making it a popular spot for citizens.',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Longgang District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 7.8km
- Park Tags: Great Places to Take Kids
- Detailed Address: No. 22, Ganli Road, Gankeng Community, Jihua Subdistrict, Longgang District, Shenzhen City
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Dayun Greenway is located within Dayun Park, built along the mountains and waters, with a total length of approximately 7.8 kilometers, forming part of the Provincial Greenway Route 2. Along the way, it passes by distinctive landscapes such as Shenxian Lake, The Chinese University of Hong Kong (Shenzhen), the Ecological Great Lawn, the Flower Mountain and Sea, and the U-shaped Lake. The main park road greenway of Dayun is a cycling-friendly path, about 4.2 kilometers long and 5 meters wide, conveniently located with clean and safe surfaces, and equipped with rest benches and other facilities along the route. Within a 500-meter radius of this greenway, you'll find the Dayun Crystal City and the Dayun Natatorium, making it an excellent spot for citizens to enjoy the greenway, check in, and engage in fitness activities.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Dayun Greenway
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335482/10700416.jpg"
    title="Dayun Greenway"
    description="The Dayun Greenway is located within Dayun Park, built along the mountains and waters, with a total length of approximately 7.8 kilometers. It is part of the Provincial Greenway Route No. 2. Along the way, it passes by characteristic landscapes such as Shenxian Lake, The Chinese University of Hong Kong (Shenzhen), the Ecological Lawn, the Flower Mountain and Sea, and the U-shaped Lake. The main park road greenway of Dayun is a cycling-friendly path, about 4.2 kilometers long and 5 meters wide, conveniently located with clean and safe surfaces. It is equipped with rest benches and other facilities along the way. Within a 500-meter radius of this greenway, there are the Dayun Crystal City and the Dayun Swimming Pool, making it a popular spot for citizens."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335482/10700416.jpg"
    title="Dayun Greenway"
    description="The Dayun Greenway is located within Dayun Park, built along the mountains and waters, with a total length of approximately 7.8 kilometers. It is part of the Provincial Greenway Route No. 2. Along the way, it passes by characteristic landscapes such as Shenxian Lake, The Chinese University of Hong Kong (Shenzhen), the Ecological Lawn, the Flower Mountain and Sea, and the U-shaped Lake. The main park road greenway of Dayun is a cycling-friendly path, about 4.2 kilometers long and 5 meters wide, conveniently located with clean and safe surfaces. It is equipped with rest benches and other facilities along the way. Within a 500-meter radius of this greenway, there are the Dayun Crystal City and the Dayun Swimming Pool, making it a popular spot for citizens."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Dayun Center Station (Routes: 329/353/365/839/B852/E6/M315/M318/M367/Peak Hours 33, 35, 44 Special Lines), with entrances and exits on both the north and south sides of Dayun.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335466/10701533.jpg"
        title="Dadingling Greenway and Hongqiao Park"
        description="' Green with a path, and a path with scenery. ' The Dadingshan Greenway and Rainbow Bridge Park are primarily connected by a portion of the Guangming District Marathon Mountain and Lake Greenway and the Rainbow Bridge Park, stretching from the Guangming Grass Skiing Amusement Park to the Sightseeing Road, with a total length of approximately 6.42 kilometers and a width of 6 to 9 meters. The Floating Bridge, Exploring Bridge, and Suspended Bridge, all predominantly white, weave through the greenery, blending the forest and the bridges into one, creating a delightful scene that has become a popular spot for citizens and tourists to take photos and check in. "
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Dadingling-Greenway-and-Hongqiao-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335466/10701533.jpg"
        title="Dadingling Greenway and Hongqiao Park"
        description="' Green with a path, and a path with scenery. ' The Dadingshan Greenway and Rainbow Bridge Park are primarily connected by a portion of the Guangming District Marathon Mountain and Lake Greenway and the Rainbow Bridge Park, stretching from the Guangming Grass Skiing Amusement Park to the Sightseeing Road, with a total length of approximately 6.42 kilometers and a width of 6 to 9 meters. The Floating Bridge, Exploring Bridge, and Suspended Bridge, all predominantly white, weave through the greenery, blending the forest and the bridges into one, creating a delightful scene that has become a popular spot for citizens and tourists to take photos and check in. "
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Dadingling-Greenway-and-Hongqiao-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10700416.html |             |             |
:::

