---
title: Dadingling Greenway and Hongqiao Park
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Dadingling-Greenway-and-Hongqiao-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335466/10701533.jpg',
                title: 'Dadingling Greenway and Hongqiao Park',
                description: " 'Green with a path, and a path with scenery.' The Dadingshan Greenway and Rainbow Bridge Park are primarily connected by a portion of the Guangming District Marathon Mountain and Lake Greenway and the Rainbow Bridge Park, stretching from the Guangming Grass Skiing Amusement Park to the Sightseeing Road, with a total length of approximately 6.42 kilometers and a width of 6 to 9 meters. The Floating Bridge, Exploring Bridge, and Suspended Bridge, all predominantly white, weave through the greenery, blending the forest and the bridges into one, creating a delightful scene that has become a popular spot for citizens and tourists to take photos and check in. ",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335466/10701533.jpg',
                title: 'Dadingling Greenway and Hongqiao Park',
                description: " 'Green with a path, and a path with scenery.' The Dadingshan Greenway and Rainbow Bridge Park are primarily connected by a portion of the Guangming District Marathon Mountain and Lake Greenway and the Rainbow Bridge Park, stretching from the Guangming Grass Skiing Amusement Park to the Sightseeing Road, with a total length of approximately 6.42 kilometers and a width of 6 to 9 meters. The Floating Bridge, Exploring Bridge, and Suspended Bridge, all predominantly white, weave through the greenery, blending the forest and the bridges into one, creating a delightful scene that has become a popular spot for citizens and tourists to take photos and check in. ",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Guangming District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 10.42km
- Park Tags: Great Places to Take Kids: Instagram-Worthy Spots
- Detailed Address: No. 1, Qingqing Road, Moon Bay, Nanshan District, Shenzhen City
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
"Green paths with scenic views, and scenic views along green paths." The Dadingshan Greenway and Rainbow Bridge Park are primarily connected by a portion of the Guangming District Marathon Mountain and Lake Greenway and the Rainbow Bridge Park. Stretching from the Guangming Grass Skiing Amusement Park to the Sightseeing Road, the route spans approximately 6.42 kilometers in length and 6 to 9 meters in width. Three bridges, predominantly white in color—the Floating Bridge, the Exploration Bridge, and the Suspension Bridge—wind through the lush greenery, blending seamlessly with the forest, creating a delightful scene that has become a popular spot for residents and tourists to take photos. The middle section of the greenway connects to the endpoint of the Rainbow Bridge Park. The Rainbow Bridge, positioned as "Green Wilderness Guangming, the Pinnacle of Ecology," is planned with "one axis and three zones." The main axis, the Rainbow Bridge, is 4 kilometers long, 5 meters wide, and averages 8 meters in height, with the overall slope angle of the bridge deck controlled within 5.8 degrees. It links the entrance area, the Bihu Lake area, and the forest area. As a representative landscape structure within the greenway, the Rainbow Bridge connects the park, the city, and the forest, meandering between urban and natural spaces like a red ribbon drifting into the distance, complementing the verdant forest scenery.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Dadingling Greenway and Hongqiao Park
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335466/10701533.jpg"
    title="Dadingling Greenway and Hongqiao Park"
    description="' Green with a path, and a path with scenery. ' The Dadingshan Greenway and Rainbow Bridge Park are primarily connected by a portion of the Guangming District Marathon Mountain and Lake Greenway and the Rainbow Bridge Park, stretching from the Guangming Grass Skiing Amusement Park to the Sightseeing Road, with a total length of approximately 6.42 kilometers and a width of 6 to 9 meters. The Floating Bridge, Exploring Bridge, and Suspended Bridge, all predominantly white, weave through the greenery, blending the forest and the bridges into one, creating a delightful scene that has become a popular spot for citizens and tourists to take photos and check in. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335466/10701533.jpg"
    title="Dadingling Greenway and Hongqiao Park"
    description="' Green with a path, and a path with scenery. ' The Dadingshan Greenway and Rainbow Bridge Park are primarily connected by a portion of the Guangming District Marathon Mountain and Lake Greenway and the Rainbow Bridge Park, stretching from the Guangming Grass Skiing Amusement Park to the Sightseeing Road, with a total length of approximately 6.42 kilometers and a width of 6 to 9 meters. The Floating Bridge, Exploring Bridge, and Suspended Bridge, all predominantly white, weave through the greenery, blending the forest and the bridges into one, creating a delightful scene that has become a popular spot for citizens and tourists to take photos and check in. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: **Grass Skiing Field Entrance:**
Take bus M451 or the Guangming Holiday Shuttle Line 2 (operating on weekends and holidays) to the "Guangming Farm Grand View Garden" or "Guangming Grass Skiing Field" station.

**Subway Transfer:**
- Take Line 6 to Guangming Street Station, then walk to Guangming Central Station to transfer to bus M451 or the Guangming Holiday Shuttle Line 2 (operating on weekends and holidays) to Guangming Farm Grand View Garden Station or Guangming Grass Skiing Field Station.
- Take Line 6 to Fenghuangcheng Metro Station, then walk to Guangming Avenue Transfer Station Bus Stop to transfer to bus M451 to Guangming Grass Skiing Field Bus Station.

**Rainbow Bridge Park Entrance:**
**Bus:**
Take buses M462, M532, M215, B914, M525, E15, 720, M336, M356, or M549 to the "Guangming Mass Sports Center" station.

**Subway Transfer:**
- Take Line 6 to Fenghuangcheng Metro Station, then walk to Fenghuangcheng Metro Station 1 Bus Stop to transfer to bus M356 (single loop) or B926 to Niushan Road Intersection Bus Station.
- Take Line 6 to Fenghuangcheng Metro Station, then walk to Fenghuangcheng Metro Station 1 Bus Stop to transfer to bus M525 to Niushan Road Intersection Bus Station.
- Take Line 6 to Fenghuangcheng Metro Station, then walk to Guangming Avenue Transfer Station Bus Stop to transfer to bus M462 to Guangming Mass Sports Center Bus Station.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335475/10700817.jpg"
        title="Julongshan Park Greenway"
        description="The Julongshan Park Greenway encircles the Julongshan Ecological Park, spanning approximately 6 kilometers in total. The main section of the Julongshan Park Greenway is located at the border between Pingshan and Kengzi districts in Pingshan District, north of Qingsong West Road and south of Jinxiu West Road. The greenway boasts a rich variety of flora and fauna, surrounded by lush green mountains and clear waters. The route primarily consists of the Julongshan mountain range and the Julong Lake water body, organically connecting the mountains and water. Along the route, the mountain slopes are predominantly planted with trees such as Syzygium cumini (Java plum), Tabebuia chrysantha (golden trumpet tree), Delonix regia (flame tree), Magnolia denudata (Yulan magnolia), Terminalia mantaly (Madagascar almond), Celtis sinensis (Chinese hackberry), and Bischofia javanica (bishopwood)."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Julongshan-Park-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335475/10700817.jpg"
        title="Julongshan Park Greenway"
        description="The Julongshan Park Greenway encircles the Julongshan Ecological Park, spanning approximately 6 kilometers in total. The main section of the Julongshan Park Greenway is located at the border between Pingshan and Kengzi districts in Pingshan District, north of Qingsong West Road and south of Jinxiu West Road. The greenway boasts a rich variety of flora and fauna, surrounded by lush green mountains and clear waters. The route primarily consists of the Julongshan mountain range and the Julong Lake water body, organically connecting the mountains and water. Along the route, the mountain slopes are predominantly planted with trees such as Syzygium cumini (Java plum), Tabebuia chrysantha (golden trumpet tree), Delonix regia (flame tree), Magnolia denudata (Yulan magnolia), Terminalia mantaly (Madagascar almond), Celtis sinensis (Chinese hackberry), and Bischofia javanica (bishopwood)."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Julongshan-Park-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10701533.html |             |             |
:::

