---
title: Dasha River Ecological Corridor Greenway
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Dasha-River-Ecological-Corridor-Greenway/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335463/10701711.jpg',
                title: 'Dasha River Ecological Corridor Greenway',
                description: " The tranquil waters of the Bishui River flow for thousands of miles, with lush greenery providing constant delight. The Dashe River Ecological Corridor is a waterfront promenade that offers scenic views and blooming flowers throughout the four seasons. Stretching 13.7 kilometers with a total construction area of approximately 950,000 square meters, it runs from the estuary of the Dashe River to the Changlingpi Reservoir, connecting the Shenzhen Bay Coastal Leisure Belt and the Shenzhen Talent Park.",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335463/10701711.jpg',
                title: 'Dasha River Ecological Corridor Greenway',
                description: " The tranquil waters of the Bishui River flow for thousands of miles, with lush greenery providing constant delight. The Dashe River Ecological Corridor is a waterfront promenade that offers scenic views and blooming flowers throughout the four seasons. Stretching 13.7 kilometers with a total construction area of approximately 950,000 square meters, it runs from the estuary of the Dashe River to the Changlingpi Reservoir, connecting the Shenzhen Bay Coastal Leisure Belt and the Shenzhen Talent Park.",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Nanshan District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 13.7km
- Park Tags: Great Places to Take Kids: Instagram-Worthy Spots
- Detailed Address: No. 1, Guanlan Golf Avenue, Longhua District, Shenzhen City
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The tranquil waters of the river flow serenely for miles, with lush greenery bringing constant delight. The Dasha River Ecological Corridor is a waterfront promenade that offers scenic views throughout the year and blooms in every season. Stretching 13.7 kilometers with a total construction area of approximately 950,000 square meters, it runs from the estuary of the Dasha River to the Changlingpi Reservoir, connecting the Shenzhen Bay Coastal Leisure Belt and the Shenzhen Talent Park. Like a verdant ribbon, it has become the city's most beautiful scenic river and the largest waterfront slow-traffic system.

The Dasha River, known as the "Mother River" of Nanshan, originates from Yangtai Mountain and flows into Shenzhen Bay, traversing the entire Nanshan district. Affectionately referred to by locals as the Shenzhen version of the "Seine River," the Dasha River Ecological Corridor has been developed with a deep respect for the natural ecosystem. It preserves the river's rich ecological resources and adheres to the principle of maintaining its natural essence, creating a riverside greenway that is ecologically diverse, visually stunning, and peacefully comfortable.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Dasha River Ecological Corridor Greenway
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335463/10701711.jpg"
    title="Dasha River Ecological Corridor Greenway"
    description="The tranquil waters of the Bishui River flow for thousands of miles, with lush greenery providing constant delight. The Dashe River Ecological Corridor is a waterfront promenade that offers scenic views and blooming flowers throughout the four seasons. Stretching 13.7 kilometers with a total construction area of approximately 950,000 square meters, it runs from the estuary of the Dashe River to the Changlingpi Reservoir, connecting the Shenzhen Bay Coastal Leisure Belt and the Shenzhen Talent Park. Like a verdant 'silk ribbon,' it has become the city's most beautiful scenic river and the largest waterfront slow-traffic system."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335463/10701711.jpg"
    title="Dasha River Ecological Corridor Greenway"
    description="The tranquil waters of the Bishui River flow for thousands of miles, with lush greenery providing constant delight. The Dashe River Ecological Corridor is a waterfront promenade that offers scenic views and blooming flowers throughout the four seasons. Stretching 13.7 kilometers with a total construction area of approximately 950,000 square meters, it runs from the estuary of the Dashe River to the Changlingpi Reservoir, connecting the Shenzhen Bay Coastal Leisure Belt and the Shenzhen Talent Park. Like a verdant 'silk ribbon,' it has become the city's most beautiful scenic river and the largest waterfront slow-traffic system."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 1. Downstream Section of Dashahe Ecological Corridor: Take Metro Line 1 to Hi-Tech Park Station, exit A/D, and walk approximately 300 meters.
2. Midstream Section of Dashahe Ecological Corridor: Take Metro Line 7 to Chaguang Station, exit C/D, and you will arrive directly upon exiting.
3. Upstream Section of Dashahe Ecological Corridor: Take Metro Line 5 to Tanglang Station, exit C, walk about 100 meters, and enter through Gate 1 of Southern University of Science and Technology.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335468/10701435.jpg"
        title="Talent Park Greenway"
        description="The Talent Park Greenway is the first park greenway in the country themed around 'talent,' connecting various scenic spots within Shenzhen Talent Park. The park covers an area of 770,000 square meters, with a lake spanning 320,000 square meters, and features a 2.5-kilometer rubberized running track around the lake. Designed with the concept of 'Four Seasons Flower Sea,' the park boasts unique attractions such as the Flower Sea Forest and the Tranquil River Valley. Along the greenway, a diverse array of trees and plants bloom in vibrant colors throughout the year, creating a stunning display of natural beauty. Additionally, the park includes notable landmarks such as the Qiuxian Pavilion, the Academician Grove, the Talent Center Square, and the Talent Memorial Wall."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Talent-Park-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335468/10701435.jpg"
        title="Talent Park Greenway"
        description="The Talent Park Greenway is the first park greenway in the country themed around 'talent,' connecting various scenic spots within Shenzhen Talent Park. The park covers an area of 770,000 square meters, with a lake spanning 320,000 square meters, and features a 2.5-kilometer rubberized running track around the lake. Designed with the concept of 'Four Seasons Flower Sea,' the park boasts unique attractions such as the Flower Sea Forest and the Tranquil River Valley. Along the greenway, a diverse array of trees and plants bloom in vibrant colors throughout the year, creating a stunning display of natural beauty. Additionally, the park includes notable landmarks such as the Qiuxian Pavilion, the Academician Grove, the Talent Center Square, and the Talent Memorial Wall."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Talent-Park-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10701711.html |             |             |
:::

