---
title: Talent Park Greenway
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Talent-Park-Greenway/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335468/10701435.jpg',
                title: 'Talent Park Greenway',
                description: "The Talent Park Greenway is the first park greenway in the country themed around 'talent,' connecting various scenic spots within Shenzhen Talent Park. The park covers an area of 770,000 square meters, with a lake spanning 320,000 square meters, and features a 2.5-kilometer rubberized running track around the lake. Designed with the concept of 'Four Seasons Flower Sea,' the park boasts unique attractions such as the Flower Sea Forest and the Tranquil River Valley. Along the greenway, a diverse array of trees and plants bloom in vibrant colors throughout the year, creating a stunning display of natural beauty. Additionally, the park includes notable landmarks such as the Qiuxian Pavilion, the Academician Grove, the Talent Center Square, and the Talent Memorial Wall.",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335468/10701435.jpg',
                title: 'Talent Park Greenway',
                description: "The Talent Park Greenway is the first park greenway in the country themed around 'talent,' connecting various scenic spots within Shenzhen Talent Park. The park covers an area of 770,000 square meters, with a lake spanning 320,000 square meters, and features a 2.5-kilometer rubberized running track around the lake. Designed with the concept of 'Four Seasons Flower Sea,' the park boasts unique attractions such as the Flower Sea Forest and the Tranquil River Valley. Along the greenway, a diverse array of trees and plants bloom in vibrant colors throughout the year, creating a stunning display of natural beauty. Additionally, the park includes notable landmarks such as the Qiuxian Pavilion, the Academician Grove, the Talent Center Square, and the Talent Memorial Wall.",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Nanshan District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 2.55km
- Park Tags: Internet celebrity check-in spot

"网红打卡" refers to a place or location that has gained popularity on social media and is frequently visited by people, especially influencers or internet celebrities, who then share their experiences online. The term "打卡" (dǎ kǎ) literally means "punching a card" or "checking in," and in this context, it implies visiting and documenting the experience at a trendy or popular spot.
- Detailed Address: Minzhu Avenue, Shajing Subdistrict, Bao'an District, Shenzhen City
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Talent Park Greenway is the nation's first park greenway themed around 'talent,' connecting various scenic spots within Shenzhen Talent Park. The park spans 770,000 square meters, with a lake area of 320,000 square meters, and features a 2.5-kilometer rubberized running track encircling the lake. Designed with the concept of 'Four Seasons Flower Sea,' the park boasts unique attractions such as the Flower Sea Forest and the Tranquil River Valley. Along the greenway, a diverse array of trees and greenery flourish, creating a vibrant and colorful display throughout the four seasons, each vying for attention with its unique beauty. Additionally, the greenway showcases various distinctive Shenzhen-themed scenic designs, including the Qiuxian Pavilion, the Academician Grove, the Talent Center Square, the Talent Culture Wall, and the Talent Star Bridge, all of which highlight the unique charm of Shenzhen. Walking along the greenway, visitors can not only enjoy the flowers and scenery of the four seasons but also experience the city's allure, which revolves around "innovation," 'talent,' and "exploration and experimentation."

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Talent Park Greenway
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335468/10701435.jpg"
    title="Talent Park Greenway"
    description="The Talent Park Greenway is the first park greenway in the country themed around 'talent,' connecting various scenic spots within Shenzhen Talent Park. The park covers an area of 770,000 square meters, with a lake spanning 320,000 square meters, and features a 2.5-kilometer rubberized running track around the lake. Designed with the concept of 'Four Seasons Flower Sea,' the park boasts unique attractions such as the Flower Sea Forest and the Tranquil River Valley. Along the greenway, a diverse array of trees and plants bloom in vibrant colors throughout the year, creating a stunning display of natural beauty. Additionally, the park includes notable landmarks such as the Qiuxian Pavilion, the Academician Grove, the Talent Center Square, and the Talent Memorial Wall."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335468/10701435.jpg"
    title="Talent Park Greenway"
    description="The Talent Park Greenway is the first park greenway in the country themed around 'talent,' connecting various scenic spots within Shenzhen Talent Park. The park covers an area of 770,000 square meters, with a lake spanning 320,000 square meters, and features a 2.5-kilometer rubberized running track around the lake. Designed with the concept of 'Four Seasons Flower Sea,' the park boasts unique attractions such as the Flower Sea Forest and the Tranquil River Valley. Along the greenway, a diverse array of trees and plants bloom in vibrant colors throughout the year, creating a stunning display of natural beauty. Additionally, the park includes notable landmarks such as the Qiuxian Pavilion, the Academician Grove, the Talent Center Square, and the Talent Memorial Wall."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 1. Bus: 
   - Liuhua Mountain Park Station
   - China Resources Shenzhen Bay Station
   - Shenzhen Bay Sports Center Station

2. Metro: 
   - Line 9 and Line 11, Houhai Station (Exit leads to B1 level of China Resources Shenzhen Bay MixC)
   - Line 2, Dengliang Station (Exit C)

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335473/10701026.jpg"
        title="Shenzhen Bay Greenway"
        description="Shenzhen Bay Greenway is located along the beautiful Shenzhen Bay in the southwestern coastal area of Shenzhen. It stretches from the Mangrove Bird Nature Reserve in Futian District in the east to Sea World in Nanshan District in the west, covering approximately 19.6 kilometers along the coastline (including the 6.6-kilometer western section of the coastal leisure belt). The greenway features separate walking and cycling paths, catering to the needs of different groups. Along the greenway, dozens of theme parks, piers, squares, and scenic spots are seamlessly connected. The lush vegetation along the shore allows visitors to enjoy the sea up close, listen to the gentle waves lapping against the embankment, watch seabirds soaring, or simply relax by the water's edge."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Shenzhen-Bay-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335473/10701026.jpg"
        title="Shenzhen Bay Greenway"
        description="Shenzhen Bay Greenway is located along the beautiful Shenzhen Bay in the southwestern coastal area of Shenzhen. It stretches from the Mangrove Bird Nature Reserve in Futian District in the east to Sea World in Nanshan District in the west, covering approximately 19.6 kilometers along the coastline (including the 6.6-kilometer western section of the coastal leisure belt). The greenway features separate walking and cycling paths, catering to the needs of different groups. Along the greenway, dozens of theme parks, piers, squares, and scenic spots are seamlessly connected. The lush vegetation along the shore allows visitors to enjoy the sea up close, listen to the gentle waves lapping against the embankment, watch seabirds soaring, or simply relax by the water's edge."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Shenzhen-Bay-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10701435.html |             |             |
:::

