---
title: Futian River Greenway
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Futian-River-Greenway/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335481/10700449.jpg',
                title: 'Futian River Greenway',
                description: 'The Futian River Greenway is located along the Futian River in Futian District, stretching approximately 6.1 kilometers from Beihuan Road at the north end of Bijia Mountain to Binhe Road in the south. This waterfront urban greenway runs north-south along the Futian River, connecting two major parks in the city center—Bijia Mountain Park and Central Park. The route is characterized by shimmering waters, lush greenery, and the sounds of birds and the fragrance of flowers, making it a vital ecological and scenic corridor in the heart of the city.',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335481/10700449.jpg',
                title: 'Futian River Greenway',
                description: 'The Futian River Greenway is located along the Futian River in Futian District, stretching approximately 6.1 kilometers from Beihuan Road at the north end of Bijia Mountain to Binhe Road in the south. This waterfront urban greenway runs north-south along the Futian River, connecting two major parks in the city center—Bijia Mountain Park and Central Park. The route is characterized by shimmering waters, lush greenery, and the sounds of birds and the fragrance of flowers, making it a vital ecological and scenic corridor in the heart of the city.',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 6.1km
- Park Tags: Great Places to Take Kids
- Detailed Address: No. 20, Ganli Road, Gankeng Community, Jihua Subdistrict, Longgang District, Shenzhen City
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Futian River Greenway is located along the Futian River in Futian District, stretching approximately 6.1 kilometers from Beihuan Road at the north end of Bijia Mountain to Binhe Road in the south. This waterfront urban greenway runs north-south along the Futian River, connecting two major parks in the city center—Bijia Mountain Park and Central Park. The route is characterized by shimmering waters, lush greenery, and the sounds of birds and the fragrance of flowers, making it a vital ecological and scenic corridor in the heart of the city.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Futian River Greenway
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335481/10700449.jpg"
    title="Futian River Greenway"
    description="The Futian River Greenway is located along the Futian River in Futian District, stretching approximately 6.1 kilometers from Beihuan Road at the north end of Bijia Mountain to Binhe Road in the south. This waterfront urban greenway runs north-south along the Futian River, connecting two major parks in the city center—Bijia Mountain Park and Central Park. The route is characterized by shimmering waters, lush greenery, and the sounds of birds and the fragrance of flowers, making it a vital ecological and scenic corridor in the heart of the city."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335481/10700449.jpg"
    title="Futian River Greenway"
    description="The Futian River Greenway is located along the Futian River in Futian District, stretching approximately 6.1 kilometers from Beihuan Road at the north end of Bijia Mountain to Binhe Road in the south. This waterfront urban greenway runs north-south along the Futian River, connecting two major parks in the city center—Bijia Mountain Park and Central Park. The route is characterized by shimmering waters, lush greenery, and the sounds of birds and the fragrance of flowers, making it a vital ecological and scenic corridor in the heart of the city."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Enter through the entrance of Central Park and follow the riverside for a scenic tour. You can use the mini-program to check the various entrances and exits, and choose the nearest one for entry or exit.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335472/10701095.jpg"
        title="Meilin Greenway"
        description="The Meilin Greenway is a greenway located in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, and is also part of Provincial Greenway Route 2. This greenway largely overlaps with the Second Line Pass, stretching approximately 23 kilometers in total. The easternmost entrance of the Meilin Greenway, at the Meilin'ao section, is near the city detention center. Heading west towards the Meilin Reservoir, one encounters the ' Layered Green and Dazzling Colors ' landscape, dominated by large shade trees and flowering trees. "
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Meilin-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335472/10701095.jpg"
        title="Meilin Greenway"
        description="The Meilin Greenway is a greenway located in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, and is also part of Provincial Greenway Route 2. This greenway largely overlaps with the Second Line Pass, stretching approximately 23 kilometers in total. The easternmost entrance of the Meilin Greenway, at the Meilin'ao section, is near the city detention center. Heading west towards the Meilin Reservoir, one encounters the ' Layered Green and Dazzling Colors ' landscape, dominated by large shade trees and flowering trees. "
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Meilin-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10700449.html |             |             |
:::

