---
title: Meilin Greenway
createTime: 2025-01-31 22:41:47
permalink: /en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Meilin-Greenway/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335472/10701095.jpg',
                title: 'Meilin Greenway',
                description: "The Meilin Greenway is a greenway located in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, and is also part of Provincial Greenway Route 2. This greenway largely overlaps with the Second Line Pass, stretching approximately 23 kilometers in total. ",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335472/10701095.jpg',
                title: 'Meilin Greenway',
                description: "The Meilin Greenway is a greenway located in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, and is also part of Provincial Greenway Route 2. This greenway largely overlaps with the Second Line Pass, stretching approximately 23 kilometers in total. ",
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/27'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: Greenway
- Greenway Length: 12.345km
- Park Tags: Wild Charm
- Detailed Address: Mingre Village, Chishi Town, Shenzhen-Shanwei Special Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen City
- Inquiry Phone: To be updated.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Meilin Greenway is a greenway located in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, and is also part of Provincial Greenway Route 2. This greenway largely overlaps with the Second Line Pass, stretching approximately 23 kilometers in total. The easternmost entrance of the Meilin Greenway, at the Meilin'ao section, is near the city detention center. Heading west towards the Meilin Reservoir, one encounters the ' Layered Green and Dazzling Colors ' landscape, dominated by large shade trees and flowering trees. Further along the path to the top of Meilin Mountain, the scenery transitions to the "Purple Path and Floral Trail," characterized by plants such as bougainvillea and other climbing vines.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: To be updated.
- Weekday Opening Hours: To be updated.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Meilin Greenway
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335472/10701095.jpg"
    title="Meilin Greenway"
    description="The Meilin Greenway is a greenway located in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, and is also part of Provincial Greenway Route 2. This greenway largely overlaps with the Second Line Pass, stretching approximately 23 kilometers in total. The easternmost entrance of the Meilin Greenway, at the Meilin'ao section, is near the city detention center. Heading west towards the Meilin Reservoir, one encounters the ' Layered Green and Dazzling Colors ' landscape, dominated by large shade trees and flowering trees. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

@tab To be updated.
<ImageCard
    image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335472/10701095.jpg"
    title="Meilin Greenway"
    description="The Meilin Greenway is a greenway located in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, and is also part of Provincial Greenway Route 2. This greenway largely overlaps with the Second Line Pass, stretching approximately 23 kilometers in total. The easternmost entrance of the Meilin Greenway, at the Meilin'ao section, is near the city detention center. Heading west towards the Meilin Reservoir, one encounters the ' Layered Green and Dazzling Colors ' landscape, dominated by large shade trees and flowering trees."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated.
- Core Landscape：To be updated.
- Design Features：To be updated.
- Facilities：To be updated.
- Functions：To be updated.
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated.

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: Free
- Child/Student Ticket: Free
- Senior Ticket: Free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: Free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated.
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated.

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Take Exit D of Xiameilin Station on Metro Line 9, and walk about 10 minutes to enter and exit from the Meilin Reservoir entrance;
Alternatively, use Exit A1 of Changlingpi Metro Station, which is farther away but offers pleasant scenery along the way, allowing you to enjoy the view as you enter and exit.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated.

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated.
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated.
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated.
- Parking Fee: To be updated.

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated.

@tab Special Events
To be updated.

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated.

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated.
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated.
- Weibo: To be updated.
- Other Social Media: To be updated.

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated.
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated.
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated.
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated.
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated.
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated.
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated.
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated.
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated.

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated.

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335471/10701203.jpg"
        title="Huanshiyan Lake Greenway"
        description="Tranquil as still water within a foot's space, harmonious like a leisurely family breeze in spring. Within this foot's space lies a two-kilometer-long wisteria corridor, where one can leisurely stroll hand in hand with a loved one, from youth to old age, accompanying each other on a long romantic journey. Occasionally, a flock of egrets resting on one side may take flight together, only to return in companionship, sharing the joys of nature with visitors. The nursery woodlands, revitalized through ecological restoration, offer both natural wilderness and thoughtful design, blending spontaneity with meticulous care, allowing every family member, young and old, to breathe in the most romantic air of nature."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Huanshiyan-Lake-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1335/1335471/10701203.jpg"
        title="Huanshiyan Lake Greenway"
        description="Tranquil as still water within a foot's space, harmonious like a leisurely family breeze in spring. Within this foot's space lies a two-kilometer-long wisteria corridor, where one can leisurely stroll hand in hand with a loved one, from youth to old age, accompanying each other on a long romantic journey. Occasionally, a flock of egrets resting on one side may take flight together, only to return in companionship, sharing the joys of nature with visitors. The nursery woodlands, revitalized through ecological restoration, offer both natural wilderness and thoughtful design, blending spontaneity with meticulous care, allowing every family member, young and old, to breathe in the most romantic air of nature."
        href="/en/Other/Cycling-Greenway/Huanshiyan-Lake-Greenway/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source | Update Time |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/szld/content/post_10701095.html |             |             |
:::

