---
title: Nanshan Cultural and Sports Center Theater (large and small theaters)
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Performance-Venue/Nanshan-Cultural-and-Sports-Center-Theater-(large-and-small-theaters)/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097585/11129404.png',
                title: 'Nanshan Cultural and Sports Center Theater (large and small theaters)',
                description: 'The Jucheng Theater of Nanshan Cultural and Sports Center covers an area of 39,600 square meters. It...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097585/11129404.png',
                title: 'Nanshan Cultural and Sports Center Theater (large and small theaters)',
                description: 'The Jucheng Theater of Nanshan Cultural and Sports Center covers an area of 39,600 square meters. It...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Nanshan District
- Park Category: Performance Venue
- Detailed Address: Room 201, Theater, Nanshan Cultural and Sports Center, Honghuayuan Community, Nantou Street, Nanshan District

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Jucheng Theater of Nanshan Cultural and Sports Center covers an area of 39,600 square meters. It is designed and built according to Class A standards. It consists of two theaters, large and small, and can meet the performance requirements of dance, opera, drama, symphony concerts, concerts, opera and variety shows. Jucheng Theater takes "art hall, elegant culture" as its business philosophy, and hosts various cultural performances such as classical music, pop music, stage plays, musicals, children's plays, etc. It is open to all Shenzhen citizens and enterprises with top stage equipment, excellent performances and high-quality service experience.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Opening hours: 09:00-18:00
- Forest Area Opening Hours: To be updated

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Nanshan Cultural and Sports Center Theater (large and small theaters)
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097585/11129404.png"
    title="Nanshan Cultural and Sports Center Theater (large and small theaters)"
    description="The Jucheng Theater of Nanshan Cultural and Sports Center covers an area of 39,600 square meters. It is designed and built according to Class A standards. It consists of two theaters, large and small, and can meet the performance requirements of dance, opera, drama, symphony concerts, concerts, opera and variety shows. Jucheng Theater takes 'art hall, elegant culture' as its business philosophy, and hosts various cultural performances such as classical music, pop music, stage plays, musicals, children's plays, etc. It is open to all Shenzhen citizens and enterprises with top stage equipment, excellent performances and high-quality service experience."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097585/11129404.png"
    title="Nanshan Cultural and Sports Center Theater (large and small theaters)"
    description="The Jucheng Theater of Nanshan Cultural and Sports Center covers an area of 39,600 square meters. It is designed and built according to Class A standards. It consists of two theaters, large and small, and can meet the performance requirements of dance, opera, drama, symphony concerts, concerts, opera and variety shows. Jucheng Theater takes 'art hall, elegant culture' as its business philosophy, and hosts various cultural performances such as classical music, pop music, stage plays, musicals, children's plays, etc. It is open to all Shenzhen citizens and enterprises with top stage equipment, excellent performances and high-quality service experience."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4223/4223078/11668510.png"
        title="Shekou Fenghua Grand Theatre"
        description="Fenghua Grand Theater was established in 1994 and was renovated twice in 2008 and 2019. Its history is closely linked to the development of Shekou. The theater is located in a mature living area of Shekou, adjacent to Sihai Park, sports fields, business districts and many schools. It is based in the community and is committed to providing local residents with a variety of performances. It has hosted many famous domestic and foreign performance groups and celebrities in the literary and art circles, and held movie premieres. The theater has a total area of 3,700 square meters, with 1,373 seats in the auditorium. The seats are reasonably distributed, the stage is wide, the vision is good, the facilities and equipment are complete and the performance is first-class. It is an ideal place for holding various performances, concerts, children's plays, corporate annual meetings, and press conferences."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Performance-Venue/Shekou-Fenghua-Theater/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4223/4223078/11668510.png"
        title="Shekou Fenghua Grand Theatre"
        description="Fenghua Grand Theater was established in 1994 and was renovated twice in 2008 and 2019. Its history is closely linked to the development of Shekou. The theater is located in a mature living area of Shekou, adjacent to Sihai Park, sports fields, business districts and many schools. It is based in the community and is committed to providing local residents with a variety of performances. It has hosted many famous domestic and foreign performance groups and celebrities in the literary and art circles, and held movie premieres. The theater has a total area of 3,700 square meters, with 1,373 seats in the auditorium. The seats are reasonably distributed, the stage is wide, the vision is good, the facilities and equipment are complete and the performance is first-class. It is an ideal place for holding various performances, concerts, children's plays, corporate annual meetings, and press conferences."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Performance-Venue/Shekou-Fenghua-Theater/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11129404.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

