---
title: Shenzhen Coastal Art Center
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Performance-Venue/Shenzhen-Binhai-Art-Center/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097234/11117576.jpg',
                title: 'Shenzhen Coastal Art Center',
                description: 'Shenzhen Binhai Art Center is located in Happy Harbor on the Qianhai Bay in Shenzhen. It was investe...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097234/11117576.jpg',
                title: 'Shenzhen Coastal Art Center',
                description: 'Shenzhen Binhai Art Center is located in Happy Harbor on the Qianhai Bay in Shenzhen. It was investe...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Baoan District
- Park Category: Performance Venue
- Detailed Address: No. 16, Happy Harbor, Baoxing Road, Haibin Community, Xin'an Street, Bao'an District, Shenzhen, Guangdong

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Shenzhen Binhai Art Center is located in Happy Harbor on the Qianhai Bay in Shenzhen. It was invested and built by OCT Group and officially opened in September 2021. Its operating team is jointly established by China Performing Arts Theater Development Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China International Culture Group Co., Ltd. under the comprehensive large-scale backbone cultural central enterprise Bauhinia Culture Group, and Shenzhen OCT Binhai Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Shenzhen OCT Western Investment Co., Ltd. under OCT Group. The art center covers an area of 20,660 square meters and has a total construction area of 39,577 square meters. The main building includes a 1,500-seat opera hall, a 598-seat multi-functional hall, opera rehearsal halls, dance rehearsal halls, training classrooms and other supporting facilities, and the underground parking lot has a total of 237 parking spaces.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 10:00-18:00
- Forest Area Opening Hours: No appointment required

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Shenzhen Coastal Art Center
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097234/11117576.jpg"
    title="Shenzhen Coastal Art Center"
    description="Shenzhen Binhai Art Center is located in Happy Harbor on the Qianhai Bay in Shenzhen. It was invested and built by OCT Group and officially opened in September 2021. Its operating team is jointly established by China Performing Arts Theater Development Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China International Culture Group Co., Ltd. under the comprehensive large-scale backbone cultural central enterprise Bauhinia Culture Group, and Shenzhen OCT Binhai Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Shenzhen OCT Western Investment Co., Ltd. under OCT Group. The art center covers an area of 20,660 square meters and has a total construction area of 39,577 square meters. The main building includes a 1,500-seat opera hall, a 598-seat multi-functional hall, opera rehearsal halls, dance rehearsal halls, training classrooms and other supporting facilities, and the underground parking lot has a total of 237 parking spaces."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097234/11117576.jpg"
    title="Shenzhen Coastal Art Center"
    description="Shenzhen Binhai Art Center is located in Happy Harbor on the Qianhai Bay in Shenzhen. It was invested and built by OCT Group and officially opened in September 2021. Its operating team is jointly established by China Performing Arts Theater Development Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China International Culture Group Co., Ltd. under the comprehensive large-scale backbone cultural central enterprise Bauhinia Culture Group, and Shenzhen OCT Binhai Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Shenzhen OCT Western Investment Co., Ltd. under OCT Group. The art center covers an area of 20,660 square meters and has a total construction area of 39,577 square meters. The main building includes a 1,500-seat opera hall, a 598-seat multi-functional hall, opera rehearsal halls, dance rehearsal halls, training classrooms and other supporting facilities, and the underground parking lot has a total of 237 parking spaces."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.szyyt.com/vancheerfile/images/2024/12/20241206143332910.jpg"
        title="Haiya Grand Theatre"
        description="To be updated"
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Performance-Venue/Haiya-Theater/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.szyyt.com/vancheerfile/images/2024/12/20241206143332910.jpg"
        title="Haiya Grand Theatre"
        description="To be updated"
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Performance-Venue/Haiya-Theater/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag | Data Source | Update Time |
| ---- | -------- | -------- | -------- |
| [1] | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11117576.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

