---
title: Dayanshan Forest Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/ForestPark/Dayan-Mountain-Forest-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4006/4006109/10775584.jpg',
                title: 'Dayanshan Forest Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4006/4006109/10775584.jpg',
                title: 'Dayanshan Forest Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Guangming District
- Park Category: Forest Park
- Park Tags: Water recreation, hiking, and field trips
- Detailed Address: No. 365, Changfeng Road, Changzhen New Village, Changzhen Community, Yutang Street, Guangming District, Shenzhen (Tianji Farm)
- Inquiry Phone: 13725450430
- Park Introduction: Dayanshan Forest Park is located in the southern part of Guangming District, with a total area of 1.61 square kilometers. The park was officially opened in March 2020. It faces Guanlan in the east and Shiyan in the south. Relying on the good ecological background and the superior location advantage close to the community, it provides citizens with places for leisure, fitness, sports, and climbing. The ring road around the mountain is about 5 kilometers long. It is closely integrated with the terrain on the basis of respecting the environment, and tries not to damage the mountain vegetation, and has low impact and low development. At the same time, the park has hiking trails and original suburban trails. The park road is connected to the external greenway, integrating activities such as jogging, highlighting the characteristics of youth, fashion, fitness, sports, and leisure, and creating a multi-level three-dimensional perception of"mountains surrounded by green and lakes". Cultural activities Dayanshan Nature Education Center is located in Dayanshan Forest Park, Guangming District, Shenzhen. Through a professional team of professors, a biological background resource survey is carried out to fully tap the local biological resources of the park. Based on the rich ecological diversity and species diversity of Dayan Mountain, the Nature Education Center is developing four series of courses, gradually improving a series of popular science courses, and formulating popular science teaching materials; setting up nature education popular science paths in Hongli Valley and country trails, setting up a popular science guide sign system, and conducting a series of hand-made trail courses, to build Dayan Mountain into a unique nature education pilot and help Shenzhen build a"city of nature education."

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-20:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Dayanshan Forest Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Dayanshan Forest Park"
    description="Dayanshan Forest Park strives to create ten major scenic spots, namely, Yueye Qitai, Luoyan Guitai, Yanshan Xizhao, Hushan Zaiwang, Changfeng Qifu, Shili Fangtai, Liuxia Yutai, Feiyun Xiantai, Honglixi Valley, and Qucai Liufang. The mountains are formed by the water, and the water is vividly expressed by the mountains. The mountains and water are like a perfect match here. One of the scenic spots with both poetic and artistic meanings, Honglixi Valley, quotes the story of Emperor Minghuang of Tang flying lychees from thousands of miles away to Chang'an to make Yang Guifei smile. In the rainy season, tourists stroll along the plank road with gurgling streams. In the dry season, visitors can enjoy the pebble dry streams of various shapes and look around the flame trees and poinciana trees on both sides of the valley. The beautiful scenery is so beautiful that people linger. Yueye Qitai is the best lake viewing spot in the park. Looking south at Shiyan Lake, the breeze is blowing and the water is calm."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Dayanshan Forest Park"
    description="Dayanshan Forest Park strives to create ten major scenic spots, namely, Yueye Qitai, Luoyan Guitai, Yanshan Xizhao, Hushan Zaiwang, Changfeng Qifu, Shili Fangtai, Liuxia Yutai, Feiyun Xiantai, Honglixi Valley, and Qucai Liufang. The mountains are formed by the water, and the water is vividly expressed by the mountains. The mountains and water are like a perfect match here. One of the scenic spots with both poetic and artistic meanings, Honglixi Valley, quotes the story of Emperor Minghuang of Tang flying lychees from thousands of miles away to Chang'an to make Yang Guifei smile. In the rainy season, tourists stroll along the plank road with gurgling streams. In the dry season, visitors can enjoy the pebble dry streams of various shapes and look around the flame trees and poinciana trees on both sides of the valley. The beautiful scenery is so beautiful that people linger. Yueye Qitai is the best lake viewing spot in the park. Looking south at Shiyan Lake, the breeze is blowing and the water is calm."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005989/10775334.png"
        title="Yuanshan Scenic Area"
        description="Yuanshan Scenic Area is located in Dakang Community, Yuanshan Street, Longgang D"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Yuanshan-Scenic-Area/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005989/10775334.png"
        title="Yuanshan Scenic Area"
        description="Yuanshan Scenic Area is located in Dakang Community, Yuanshan Street, Longgang D"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Yuanshan-Scenic-Area/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/zrgy/content/post_10775584.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

