---
title: Phoenix Mountain Forest Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/ForestPark/Fenghuangshan-Forest-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005770/10774801.jpg',
                title: 'Phoenix Mountain Forest Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005770/10774801.jpg',
                title: 'Phoenix Mountain Forest Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Bao'an District
- Park Category: Forest Park
- Park Tags: Cultural history, water recreation, climbing and viewing tent area
- Detailed Address: East of the intersection of Fenghuangshan Avenue and Fufeng Road, Fenghuang Community, Fuyong Street, Bao'an District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-27306966
- Park Introduction: Phoenix Mountain Forest Park is located in the western part of Bao'an District. The main peak of Phoenix Mountain is 376 meters above sea level. It spans Fuyong, Hangcheng, Xinqiao, Gongming and Shiyan Streets, and is crescent-shaped. It overlooks Lingdingyang in the west and Shenzhen Bay in the south. The total planned area is about 27.65 square kilometers. Phoenix Mountain Forest Park is a free and open suburban forest park with beautiful scenery. With the cultural and historical heritage of the Phoenix Ancient Temple and the historical figure Wen Tianxiang, it is known as"Fengshan Fushui Fuyi Land". It enjoys a high reputation far and wide, and tourists come in droves, with about 2.6 million visitors each year.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-19:00

:::

## Tour Route
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1334/1334001/10774801.jpg"
title="Phoenix Mountain Forest Park游玩路径图"
description="游玩路径示意图"
/>



## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Phoenix Mountain Forest Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Phoenix Mountain Forest Park"
    description="The park has two historical and cultural attractions, the 'Fengyan Ancient Temple' and the 'Wangyan Tower'. The Fengyan Ancient Temple Scenic Area and the Ancient Temple Scenic Area are the main part of the scenic area. The Fengyan Ancient Temple was first built during the Dade period of the early Yuan Dynasty. It was built by Wen Tianxiang and his grandson Wen Yinglin. It has a history of more than 600 years. The Wangyan Tower Observation Deck Scenic Area offers a panoramic view of Gongming, Shiyan, and Xixiang. You can also see the beautiful scenery of Apoji Mountain, Apoji Reservoir, Jiulongkeng Reservoir, and Tiegang Reservoir."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Phoenix Mountain Forest Park"
    description="The park has two historical and cultural attractions, the 'Fengyan Ancient Temple' and the 'Wangyan Tower'. The Fengyan Ancient Temple Scenic Area and the Ancient Temple Scenic Area are the main part of the scenic area. The Fengyan Ancient Temple was first built during the Dade period of the early Yuan Dynasty. It was built by Wen Tianxiang and his grandson Wen Yinglin. It has a history of more than 600 years. The Wangyan Tower Observation Deck Scenic Area offers a panoramic view of Gongming, Shiyan, and Xixiang. You can also see the beautiful scenery of Apoji Mountain, Apoji Reservoir, Jiulongkeng Reservoir, and Tiegang Reservoir."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005766/10774793.jpg"
        title="Shiyan Lake Wetland Park"
        description="The wetland park is one of the four theme parks along the Shiyan Lake Greenway. "
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/WetlandPark/Shiyan Lake Wetland Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005766/10774793.jpg"
        title="Shiyan Lake Wetland Park"
        description="The wetland park is one of the four theme parks along the Shiyan Lake Greenway. "
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/WetlandPark/Shiyan Lake Wetland Park"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/zrgy/content/post_10774801.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

