---
title: Yangtaishan Forest Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/ForestPark/Yangtai-Mountain-Forest-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005721/10774710.jpg',
                title: 'Yangtaishan Forest Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005721/10774710.jpg',
                title: 'Yangtaishan Forest Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Longhua District
- Park Category: Forest Park
- Park Tags: Featured book bar, sports, red imprint, Shenzhen's eight scenic spots, water recreation, climbing and looking far, humanities and history
- Detailed Address: Located at the intersection of Nanshan District, Bao'an District and Longhua District
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-27522408
- Park Introduction: Yangtaishan Forest Park is located in the northwest of Shenzhen City, with a total area of 28.57 square kilometers. It is located at the intersection of Bao'an District, Longhua District and Nanshan District, and is known as the"oxygen bar in the city". Yangtaishan has two peaks. Climbing from Bao'an Shiyan Square to the top of the mountain, it is the big Yangtai, known as the"first peak in western Shenzhen", with an altitude of 587.1 meters; climbing from Longhua Dalang Square to the top of the mountain is the small Yangtai, with an altitude of 460.7 meters; the ridge trails between the two mountains are connected, reflecting each other from afar. There are 5 small and medium-sized reservoirs and more than 20 mountain springs and streams in the park. It is the source of rivers such as Shiyan River, Baimang River, Mashan River, Maozhou River, etc. in Shenzhen, and it is the upstream water source of Shiyan Reservoir, Xili Reservoir and Tiegang Reservoir. The park is rich in wild animal and plant resources. According to surveys and statistics, there are 452 species of higher plants in 114 families, 82 species of vertebrates, and 8 species of animals and plants under national key protection. The park has lush natural vegetation and beautiful ecological scenery. From a distance, it is vast and green, and from a close distance, there are strange rocks and stones. There are deep valleys and gullies in the mountains, winding streams, ancient trees and vines, birds singing and flowers blooming; the lake at the foot of the mountain is clear and green, and the greenway is winding. The scenery is foggy or cloudy in all seasons, and it is suitable for sunny and rainy days. The humanities and history are profound and far-reaching. The head of the mountain is where the Hakka ancestors once cultivated land by slashing and burning. They knocked stones to build houses and cut firewood to cook smoke; they sang folk songs and fog, and danced with unicorns; they passed on the relics of gods by word of mouth. During the Anti-Japanese War, the towering Yangtai Mountain was the base of the Red Armed Dongjiang Column. The column rescued a large number of well-known patriotic celebrities and cultural giants at home and abroad, such as Mao Dun, Zou Taofen, and He Xiangning, from Hong Kong occupied by the Japanese invaders, and transferred and hid in this mountain, which was the"Victory Rescue". Therefore, Yangtai Mountain is also known as the"Hero Mountain". Yangtai Mountain was formerly known as"Yangtai Mountain". In June 2020, with the approval of the Shenzhen Municipal Government, the name of"Yangtai Mountain" was restored to"Yangtai Mountain". After the restoration of the place name, in order to maintain the original appearance of some scenic spots and buildings, the words"Yangtai Mountain" on the archway of Shiyan Square, as well as the words"Yangtai Mountain Forest Park" and"Yangtai Diecui" inscribed by former Vice Premier of the State Council Zou Jiahua, are still retained.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Mountain trail: 6:00-18:00; Square: 6:00-22:00; Longhua Ring Greenway (Yangtai Mountain Section) opening hours, please see Shenzhen I Greenway

:::

## Tour Route
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1333/1333804/10774710.jpg"
title="Yangtaishan Forest Park游玩路径图"
description="游玩路径示意图"
/>



## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Yangtaishan Forest Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Yangtaishan Forest Park"
    description=""
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Yangtaishan Forest Park"
    description=""
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005903/10775090.jpg"
        title="Guanlan River Wetland Park"
        description="Guanlan River Wetland Park is located on the west side of the middle reaches of "
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/WetlandPark/Guanlan-River-Wetland-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005903/10775090.jpg"
        title="Guanlan River Wetland Park"
        description="Guanlan River Wetland Park is located on the west side of the middle reaches of "
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/WetlandPark/Guanlan-River-Wetland-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/zrgy/content/post_10774710.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

