---
title: Guangming District Children's Library
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Guangming-District-Children's-Library/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097434/11128370.jpg',
                title: "Guangming District Children's Library",
                description: "The Guangming District Children's Library was officially opened on January 3, 2024. With a total con...",
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097434/11128370.jpg',
                title: "Guangming District Children's Library",
                description: "The Guangming District Children's Library was officially opened on January 3, 2024. With a total con...",
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Guangming District
- Park Category: library
- Park Tags: Children's Library
- Detailed Address: No. 9 Zhenming Road, Gongming Street, Guangming District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 2.Service consultation hotline: 0755-21385370, 21385371.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Guangming District Children's Library was officially opened on January 3, 2024. With a total construction area of 10,000 square meters, it is a professional children's theme library upgraded and rebuilt on the basis of the original Honghuashan Branch of the Guangming District Library. The library has a collection of 200,000 books, and the reading space is full of childlike fun. It connects primary and secondary schools in the area and integrates "two libraries and one center" (children's library, children's literature library, and library-school sharing center) to help Guangming District establish the image of a "humanistic international science city that attracts people with literature, retains people with literature, and pleases people with literature", and promote the construction of Guangming District as an "international child-friendly city".

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Tuesday to Sunday 12:00-18:00, closed on Mondays.

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Guangming District Children's Library
<ImageCard
image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097434/11128370.jpg"
    title="Guangming District Children's Library"
    description="The Guangming District Children's Library was officially opened on January 3, 2024. With a total construction area of 10,000 square meters, it is a professional children's theme library upgraded and rebuilt on the basis of the original Honghuashan Branch of the Guangming District Library. The library has a collection of 200,000 books, and the reading space is full of childlike fun. It connects primary and secondary schools in the area and integrates 'two libraries and one center' (children's library, children's literature library, and library-school sharing center) to help Guangming District establish the image of a 'humanistic international science city that attracts people with literature, retains people with literature, and pleases people with literature', and promote the construction of Guangming District as an 'international child-friendly city'."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097434/11128370.jpg"
    title="Guangming District Children's Library"
    description="The Guangming District Children's Library was officially opened on January 3, 2024. With a total construction area of 10,000 square meters, it is a professional children's theme library upgraded and rebuilt on the basis of the original Honghuashan Branch of the Guangming District Library. The library has a collection of 200,000 books, and the reading space is full of childlike fun. It connects primary and secondary schools in the area and integrates 'two libraries and one center' (children's library, children's literature library, and library-school sharing center) to help Guangming District establish the image of a 'humanistic international science city that attracts people with literature, retains people with literature, and pleases people with literature', and promote the construction of Guangming District as an 'international child-friendly city'."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: You can take Bus No. M410, M549, M216, M455, or M243 to Guangming Culture Center Bus Station; or take Bus No. E15, M410, M549, B868, M455, M216, or M436 to Gongming Bank of China Bus Station; or take Bus No. M234, M215, M238, M217, M337, 325, M261, M512, M284, or M529 to Global Company Bus Station; You can take Metro Line 6 to Honghuashan Station Exit E2, go straight along Anfa Road for 490 meters, then turn right to No. 9 Zhenming Road.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108799/11170279.jpg"
        title="Pingshan Cultural Center Branch"
        description="The Pingshan Cultural Center Branch is located on the first floor of the Pingshan District Cultural Center (Transitional Hall) on the east side of Lanwan Garden, Chuangjing Road, Pingshan District, Shenzhen. It covers an area of about 200 square meters and has 50 seats for readers. There are about 8,300 Chinese books, including 1,400 picture books and 1,800 children's books. The library is divided into a children's reading activity room and an art book bar; it provides children's reading and Chinese book lending services. The library has joined the 'Library City' unified service platform, and the books in the library can be borrowed and returned throughout the city."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Luohu-District-Library/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108799/11170279.jpg"
        title="Pingshan Cultural Center Branch"
        description="The Pingshan Cultural Center Branch is located on the first floor of the Pingshan District Cultural Center (Transitional Hall) on the east side of Lanwan Garden, Chuangjing Road, Pingshan District, Shenzhen. It covers an area of about 200 square meters and has 50 seats for readers. There are about 8,300 Chinese books, including 1,400 picture books and 1,800 children's books. The library is divided into a children's reading activity room and an art book bar; it provides children's reading and Chinese book lending services. The library has joined the 'Library City' unified service platform, and the books in the library can be borrowed and returned throughout the city."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Luohu-District-Library/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                 | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | http://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11128370.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

