---
title: Nanshan Library
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Nanshan-Library/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098147/11131175.png',
                title: 'Nanshan Library',
                description: 'Nanshan Library always adheres to the concept of "readers first" and "service-oriented", attracts re...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098147/11131175.png',
                title: 'Nanshan Library',
                description: 'Nanshan Library always adheres to the concept of "readers first" and "service-oriented", attracts re...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Nanshan District
- Park Category: library
- Park Tags: District Library
- Detailed Address: No. 176, Changxing Road, Nanshan District, Shenzhen

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Nanshan Library always adheres to the concept of "readers first" and "service-oriented", attracts readers with diversified services and creates benefits with civilized services. The warm and comfortable reading space and colorful reader activities have attracted a large number of readers to the library. Nanshan Library has children's reading room, parent-child reading room, newspaper and magazine reading room, social science reading room, natural science reading room, literature reading room, classic bookstore, electronic reading room and study room, etc. From young children, school-age children, middle school students, to adult readers and elderly readers, Nanshan Library continues to expand the reader groups it serves to meet the reading needs of different readers.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Adult Reading Room: Closed on Mondays; Tuesday to Sunday 09:00-21:00; statutory holidays to be notified separately; Parent-child Reading Room (0-6 years old) and Children's Reading Room (6-12 years old): Closed on Mondays; Tuesday to Friday 15:30-21:00; Saturday to Sunday 09:00-21:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Nanshan Library
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098147/11131175.png"
    title="Nanshan Library"
    description="Nanshan Library always adheres to the concept of 'readers first' and 'service-oriented', attracts readers with diversified services and creates benefits with civilized services. The warm and comfortable reading space and colorful reader activities have attracted a large number of readers to the library. Nanshan Library has children's reading room, parent-child reading room, newspaper and magazine reading room, social science reading room, natural science reading room, literature reading room, classic bookstore, electronic reading room and study room, etc. From young children, school-age children, middle school students, to adult readers and elderly readers, Nanshan Library continues to expand the reader groups it serves to meet the reading needs of different readers."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4098/4098147/11131175.png"
    title="Nanshan Library"
    description="Nanshan Library always adheres to the concept of 'readers first' and 'service-oriented', attracts readers with diversified services and creates benefits with civilized services. The warm and comfortable reading space and colorful reader activities have attracted a large number of readers to the library. Nanshan Library has children's reading room, parent-child reading room, newspaper and magazine reading room, social science reading room, natural science reading room, literature reading room, classic bookstore, electronic reading room and study room, etc. From young children, school-age children, middle school students, to adult readers and elderly readers, Nanshan Library continues to expand the reader groups it serves to meet the reading needs of different readers."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Metro: Line 1, Line 12, Taoyuan Station Exit B, Nanshan Cultural and Sports Center Station, Nanshan Ode to Joy Station, Taoyuan Nanxin Road Station, Nanmao Market Station;

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4218/4218621/11634082.png"
        title="Shenzhen Children's Library"
        description="Shenzhen Children's Library is located at No. 1011 Hongli Road, Futian District, Shenzhen. It is a large modern cultural facility invested and rebuilt by the Shenzhen Municipal Government on the site of the original Shenzhen Library. It covers an area of 22,000 square meters and a building area of 15,600 square meters. It was officially opened on April 23, 2009. It is located next to the beautiful Shenzhen Litchi Park, with dense shade and green grass, elegant environment, quiet in the bustling city, and a combination of beautiful natural landscape and rich cultural atmosphere. It is a pearl in the downtown of Shenzhen. As the only independent document information center in Shenzhen Special Economic Zone and Hong Kong and Macao that serves children, parents and educators, the new Shenzhen Children's Library has complete facilities and functions. The library provides all-round and three-dimensional services according to different service objects and document characteristics, and opens multiple reading areas such as the lending area, newspaper and magazine reading area, online learning area, visually impaired reading area, Chinese studies hall, children's borrowing area, parent-child reading area, reading world, and international education resource hall. At the same time, there are service areas such as multi-functional lecture hall, reading practice center, and under the plane tree. The library currently has a collection of 1.4 million documents (paper), a designed collection of 1.6 million, 1,100 journals and newspapers, 1,200 reader seats, and receives an average of 5,000 readers per day. "
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Guangming-District-Library/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4218/4218621/11634082.png"
        title="Shenzhen Children's Library"
        description="Shenzhen Children's Library is located at No. 1011 Hongli Road, Futian District, Shenzhen. It is a large modern cultural facility invested and rebuilt by the Shenzhen Municipal Government on the site of the original Shenzhen Library. It covers an area of 22,000 square meters and a building area of 15,600 square meters. It was officially opened on April 23, 2009. It is located next to the beautiful Shenzhen Litchi Park, with dense shade and green grass, elegant environment, quiet in the bustling city, and a combination of beautiful natural landscape and rich cultural atmosphere. It is a pearl in the downtown of Shenzhen. As the only independent document information center in Shenzhen Special Economic Zone and Hong Kong and Macao that serves children, parents and educators, the new Shenzhen Children's Library has complete facilities and functions. The library provides all-round and three-dimensional services according to different service objects and document characteristics, and opens multiple reading areas such as the lending area, newspaper and magazine reading area, online learning area, visually impaired reading area, Chinese studies hall, children's borrowing area, parent-child reading area, reading world, and international education resource hall. At the same time, there are service areas such as multi-functional lecture hall, reading practice center, and under the plane tree. The library currently has a collection of 1.4 million documents (paper), a designed collection of 1.6 million, 1,100 journals and newspapers, 1,200 reader seats, and receives an average of 5,000 readers per day."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Guangming-District-Library/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11131175.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

