---
title: Pingshan Library
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Pingshan-Library/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097211/11114636.jpg',
                title: 'Pingshan Library',
                description: 'Pingshan Library is located in Pingshan Cultural Village, Huide Road, Pingshan District, Shenzhen, c...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097211/11114636.jpg',
                title: 'Pingshan Library',
                description: 'Pingshan Library is located in Pingshan Cultural Village, Huide Road, Pingshan District, Shenzhen, c...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Pingshan District
- Park Category: library
- Park Tags: District Library
- Detailed Address: No. 8, Huide Road, Pingshan Street, Pingshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Pingshan Library is located in Pingshan Cultural Village, Huide Road, Pingshan District, Shenzhen, close to the beautiful Pingshan Central Park. It has a construction area of about 13,000 square meters, a total of 10 floors, more than 800 reading seats, and a total designed collection of 1.2 million books. The library has special spaces such as the Starlight Bookstore, Picture Book Library, Public Reading Culture Experience Hall, Everyone's Study, and Audio Reading Space. Pingshan Cultural Village consists of libraries, art galleries, theaters, exhibition halls, cultural and creative experience halls, conference centers, bookstores, cinemas and other venues, covering an area of about 74,000 square meters. It is a cultural landmark in eastern Shenzhen. Pingshan Library officially opened on March 23, 2019, and hired Mr. Zhou Guoping, a famous philosopher, writer, and scholar, as the first director. Adhering to the library management philosophy of "opening up the wisdom of life and inheriting the nobility of spirit", Pingshan Library is committed to "running as a 'university', as an incubator and energy source of cultural brands, and as a spiritual home for citizens", constantly innovating mechanisms, cultivating characteristics, building brands, promoting reading culture, leading global reading, and becoming a public library with brand appeal, cultural influence and regional radiation, and a spiritual home widely welcomed by citizens.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Tuesday to Sunday 9:00-21:00, closed on Monday (opening hours on statutory holidays will be notified separately)

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Pingshan Library
<ImageCard
image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097211/11114636.jpg"
    title="Pingshan Library"
    description="Pingshan Library is located in Pingshan Cultural Village, Huide Road, Pingshan District, Shenzhen, close to the beautiful Pingshan Central Park. It has a construction area of about 13,000 square meters, a total of 10 floors, more than 800 reading seats, and a total designed collection of 1.2 million books. The library has special spaces such as the Starlight Bookstore, Picture Book Library, Public Reading Culture Experience Hall, Everyone's Study, and Audio Reading Space. Pingshan Cultural Village consists of libraries, art galleries, theaters, exhibition halls, cultural and creative experience halls, conference centers, bookstores, cinemas and other venues, covering an area of about 74,000 square meters. It is a cultural landmark in eastern Shenzhen. Pingshan Library officially opened on March 23, 2019, and hired Mr. Zhou Guoping, a famous philosopher, writer, and scholar, as the first director."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="http://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4097/4097211/11114636.jpg"
    title="Pingshan Library"
    description="Pingshan Library is located in Pingshan Cultural Village, Huide Road, Pingshan District, Shenzhen, close to the beautiful Pingshan Central Park. It has a construction area of about 13,000 square meters, a total of 10 floors, more than 800 reading seats, and a total designed collection of 1.2 million books. The library has special spaces such as the Starlight Bookstore, Picture Book Library, Public Reading Culture Experience Hall, Everyone's Study, and Audio Reading Space. Pingshan Cultural Village consists of libraries, art galleries, theaters, exhibition halls, cultural and creative experience halls, conference centers, bookstores, cinemas and other venues, covering an area of about 74,000 square meters. It is a cultural landmark in eastern Shenzhen. Pingshan Library officially opened on March 23, 2019, and hired Mr. Zhou Guoping, a famous philosopher, writer, and scholar, as the first director."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: 1. Subway: Take Line 14 to "Pingshan Square" Station, Exit D1, and walk for about 10 minutes. 2. Bus: Take Bus No. 915 to "Zhaoshang Garden Community Health Center" Station, and walk for about 5 minutes; Take Bus No. M478, M293, M325 to "Pingshan Experimental School" Station, and walk for about 10 minutes.

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cn.bing.com/th?id=OHR.AlfanzinaLighthouse_ZH-CN9704515669_1920x1080.webp"
        title="Guangming District Library"
        description="To be updated"
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Pingshan-Children's-Library/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cn.bing.com/th?id=OHR.AlfanzinaLighthouse_ZH-CN9704515669_1920x1080.webp"
        title="Guangming District Library"
        description="To be updated"
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Pingshan-Children's-Library/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                 | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | http://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11114636.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

