---
title: Golden Turtle Natural Study Branch
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Golden-Turtle-Natural-Bookstore-Branch/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108771/11170215.jpg',
                title: 'Golden Turtle Natural Study Branch',
                description: 'The Jingui Nature Library Branch is located at No. 7, Jindi West District, Shijing Street, Pingshan ...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108771/11170215.jpg',
                title: 'Golden Turtle Natural Study Branch',
                description: 'The Jingui Nature Library Branch is located at No. 7, Jindi West District, Shijing Street, Pingshan ...',
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Pingshan District
- Park Category: library
- Detailed Address: No. 7, Jindi West District, Jingui Community, Shijing Street, Pingshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
The Jingui Nature Library Branch is located at No. 7, Jindi West District, Shijing Street, Pingshan District, Shenzhen, with a building area of 340 square meters. There are 2,870 kinds of Chinese books and 3,203 volumes, including 243 volumes of natural history books. The library provides children's reading and Chinese book lending services. The books in the Pingshan Library can be borrowed and returned throughout the city.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Tuesday to Sunday 10:00-18:00; closed on Monday (opening hours for statutory holidays will be notified separately).

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Golden Turtle Natural Study Branch
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108771/11170215.jpg"
    title="Golden Turtle Natural Study Branch"
    description="The Jingui Nature Library Branch is located at No. 7, Jindi West District, Shijing Street, Pingshan District, Shenzhen, with a building area of 340 square meters. There are 2,870 kinds of Chinese books and 3,203 volumes, including 243 volumes of natural history books. The library provides children's reading and Chinese book lending services. The books in the Pingshan Library can be borrowed and returned throughout the city."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108771/11170215.jpg"
    title="Golden Turtle Natural Study Branch"
    description="The Jingui Nature Library Branch is located at No. 7, Jindi West District, Shijing Street, Pingshan District, Shenzhen, with a building area of 340 square meters. There are 2,870 kinds of Chinese books and 3,203 volumes, including 243 volumes of natural history books. The library provides children's reading and Chinese book lending services. The books in the Pingshan Library can be borrowed and returned throughout the city."
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108761/11170202.jpg"
        title="Great Lawn Park Branch"
        description="The Great Lawn Park Branch is located in the Central Park of Pingshan District, Shenzhen, with a construction area of about 146 square meters. It follows the park's 'complex, life-oriented, and ecological' construction principles and takes 'natural scenery and human habitats interweave to build a green shared public space' as its design concept. It is planned to be built into a landmark public leisure area and a new cultural space in Pingshan City with distinctive characteristics, outstanding highlights, and a sense of natural ecology and the future. 3,000 books of parent-child picture books, photography and videography, natural life, comprehensive leisure and other types are selected as the basic collection of the branch library, and the literature and information resources will be updated regularly."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Big-Lawn-Park-Branch/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108761/11170202.jpg"
        title="Great Lawn Park Branch"
        description="The Great Lawn Park Branch is located in the Central Park of Pingshan District, Shenzhen, with a construction area of about 146 square meters. It follows the park's 'complex, life-oriented, and ecological' construction principles and takes 'natural scenery and human habitats interweave to build a green shared public space' as its design concept. It is planned to be built into a landmark public leisure area and a new cultural space in Pingshan City with distinctive characteristics, outstanding highlights, and a sense of natural ecology and the future. 3,000 books of parent-child picture books, photography and videography, natural life, comprehensive leisure and other types are selected as the basic collection of the branch library, and the literature and information resources will be updated regularly."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Big-Lawn-Park-Branch/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                      | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11170215.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

