---
title: Shenzhen Children's Library
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Shenzhen-Children's-Library/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4218/4218621/11634082.png',
                title: "Shenzhen Children's Library",
                description: "Shenzhen Children's Library is located at No. 1011 Hongli Road, Futian District, Shenzhen. It is a l...",
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4218/4218621/11634082.png',
                title: "Shenzhen Children's Library",
                description: "Shenzhen Children's Library is located at No. 1011 Hongli Road, Futian District, Shenzhen. It is a l...",
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: library
- Park Tags: Children's Library
- Detailed Address: No. 1011 Hongli Road, Futian District, Shenzhen

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Shenzhen Children's Library is located at No. 1011 Hongli Road, Futian District, Shenzhen. It is a large modern cultural facility invested and rebuilt by the Shenzhen Municipal Government on the site of the original Shenzhen Library. It covers an area of 22,000 square meters and a building area of 15,600 square meters. It was officially opened on April 23, 2009. It is located next to the beautiful Shenzhen Litchi Park, with dense shade and green grass, elegant environment, quiet in the bustling city, and a combination of beautiful natural landscape and rich cultural atmosphere. It is a pearl in the downtown of Shenzhen. As the only independent document information center in Shenzhen Special Economic Zone and Hong Kong and Macao that serves children, parents and educators, the new Shenzhen Children's Library has complete facilities and functions. The library provides all-round and three-dimensional services according to different service objects and document characteristics, and opens multiple reading areas such as the lending area, newspaper and magazine reading area, online learning area, visually impaired reading area, Chinese studies hall, children's borrowing area, parent-child reading area, reading world, and international education resource hall. At the same time, there are service areas such as multi-functional lecture hall, reading practice center, and under the plane tree. The library currently has a collection of 1.4 million documents (paper), a designed collection of 1.6 million, 1,100 journals and newspapers, 1,200 reader seats, and receives an average of 5,000 readers per day. Shenzhen Children's Library adheres to the concept of "happy reading, natural life, and healthy growth" to provide readers with simple and fast services. Except for Monday, it is open to the public from 9:00 to 21:00 every day, providing 72 hours of service per week. In terms of service methods, it implements free services, establishes a "reading points system", provides online renewal, telephone renewal and other services, and carries out online information and digital document reading services. Shenzhen Children's Library is not only a storage, circulation, retrieval and consultation center for various children's literature and materials, but also a place for children's reading activities. The library holds a series of activities including theatre performances, lectures, essay competitions, exhibitions and public reading practice all year round. It also innovatively holds activities such as the "Shenzhen Children Welcome the Universiade, and the Universiade's Footprints Reflect the City of Shenzhen" children's art creation competition and the famous works new edition competition to achieve interaction between the library and readers and provide a stage for readers to exercise and display themselves. By organizing reading activities such as Sister Hong's storytelling, Mother's Day, Father's Day, summer special events, and "4?23 World Book Day", we encourage children to read more and read good books. Shenzhen Children's Library's "Bougainvillea" Youth Classic Reading Program, "Ivy" Literature Resource Co-construction and Sharing Program, "Dandelion" Care Program for Children of Migrant Workers, "Carnation" Non-discriminatory Reading Program, "Sunflower" Shenzhen Childhood Collection Program, etc., have been warmly welcomed and praised by Shenzhen youth and their parents. In 2010, the self-developed one-stop digital resource reading platform, "e-Reading Station", was launched, and "e-Reading Book" was developed to provide all-weather uninterrupted reading services. In 2011, Shenzhen Children's Library launched a new "Happy Reading 365" - parent-child reading program, created the Love Reading Network and Joy Weibo, recommended a good book every day, and carried out reading guidance activities. Adhering to the purpose of serving children and their workers and parents wholeheartedly, Shenzhen Children's Library has also made achievements in academic research. In 1998, the second edition of "Chinese Library Book Classification - Children's Library (Primary and Secondary School Library Edition)" was revised, and in 2004, the "Chinese Children's Literature Classification Thesaurus" was compiled and published. At the same time, Shenzhen Children's Library took the lead in completing the design, organization and construction of the key cultural research project of the Ministry of Culture of China, "China Children's Information World - Online Library", and was awarded the "China Digital Library Children's Central Library" by the China Digital Library. If the youth are wise, the country will be wise; if the youth are strong, the country will be strong. Shenzhen Children's Library will continue to strengthen public cultural services, promote the ideological and moral construction of minors, become a happy reading paradise for children across the city, and provide document support and information services for parents and children's educators.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Tuesday to Sunday: 9:00-21:00 Legal holidays: 10:00-16:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Shenzhen Children's Library
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4218/4218621/11634082.png"
    title="Shenzhen Children's Library"
    description="Shenzhen Children's Library is located at No. 1011 Hongli Road, Futian District, Shenzhen. It is a large modern cultural facility invested and rebuilt by the Shenzhen Municipal Government on the site of the original Shenzhen Library. It covers an area of 22,000 square meters and a building area of 15,600 square meters. It was officially opened on April 23, 2009. It is located next to the beautiful Shenzhen Litchi Park, with dense shade and green grass, elegant environment, quiet in the bustling city, and a combination of beautiful natural landscape and rich cultural atmosphere. It is a pearl in the downtown of Shenzhen. As the only independent document information center in Shenzhen Special Economic Zone and Hong Kong and Macao that serves children, parents and educators, the new Shenzhen Children's Library has complete facilities and functions. The library provides all-round and three-dimensional services according to different service objects and document characteristics, and opens multiple reading areas such as the lending area, newspaper and magazine reading area, online learning area, visually impaired reading area, Chinese studies hall, children's borrowing area, parent-child reading area, reading world, and international education resource hall. At the same time, there are service areas such as multi-functional lecture hall, reading practice center, and under the plane tree. "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4218/4218621/11634082.png"
    title="Shenzhen Children's Library"
    description="Shenzhen Children's Library is located at No. 1011 Hongli Road, Futian District, Shenzhen. It is a large modern cultural facility invested and rebuilt by the Shenzhen Municipal Government on the site of the original Shenzhen Library. It covers an area of 22,000 square meters and a building area of 15,600 square meters. It was officially opened on April 23, 2009. It is located next to the beautiful Shenzhen Litchi Park, with dense shade and green grass, elegant environment, quiet in the bustling city, and a combination of beautiful natural landscape and rich cultural atmosphere. It is a pearl in the downtown of Shenzhen. As the only independent document information center in Shenzhen Special Economic Zone and Hong Kong and Macao that serves children, parents and educators, the new Shenzhen Children's Library has complete facilities and functions. The library provides all-round and three-dimensional services according to different service objects and document characteristics, and opens multiple reading areas such as the lending area, newspaper and magazine reading area, online learning area, visually impaired reading area, Chinese studies hall, children's borrowing area, parent-child reading area, reading world, and international education resource hall. At the same time, there are service areas such as multi-functional lecture hall, reading practice center, and under the plane tree. "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Metro: Longgang Line (Line 3, 6) Tongxinling Station Exit B or Hongling Road Station Exit A; (Line 9) Hongling Road Station Exit A Bus stop: Children's Library Lines: 10, 13, 64, 102, 225, 303, 322, M105, M183, M555, M102

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108718/11170205.jpg"
        title="Pingshan Children's Library"
        description="Pingshan Children's Library is located on the first and third floors of Huahan Technology Building on Longping Road. It has two floors and a construction area of 3,323 square meters, of which the first floor covers an area of 658 square meters and the third floor covers an area of 2,665 square meters. It not only serves children aged 0-18, but also serves as a theme library for parents and teachers. The designed collection is 100,000 books, and more than 50,000 books are currently prepared. The collection is configured to meet the different needs of children of all ages to develop intelligence, expand reading, and read in depth. There are 600 seats designed, and there are supporting facilities such as life experience and reading area, picture book reading area, toy reading room, mother and baby room, public reading area, digital reading area, natural exploration and reading area, and multi-functional hall. Pingshan Children's Library has been included in the unified service platform of 'Library City', and the books in the library can be borrowed and returned throughout the city."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Shenzhen-University-Town-Library/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4108/4108718/11170205.jpg"
        title="Pingshan Children's Library"
        description="Pingshan Children's Library is located on the first and third floors of Huahan Technology Building on Longping Road. It has two floors and a construction area of 3,323 square meters, of which the first floor covers an area of 658 square meters and the third floor covers an area of 2,665 square meters. It not only serves children aged 0-18, but also serves as a theme library for parents and teachers. The designed collection is 100,000 books, and more than 50,000 books are currently prepared. The collection is configured to meet the different needs of children of all ages to develop intelligence, expand reading, and read in depth. There are 600 seats designed, and there are supporting facilities such as life experience and reading area, picture book reading area, toy reading room, mother and baby room, public reading area, digital reading area, natural exploration and reading area, and multi-functional hall. Pingshan Children's Library has been included in the unified service platform of 'Library City', and the books in the library can be borrowed and returned throughout the city."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Shenzhen-University-Town-Library/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11634082.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

