---
title: Shenzhen Library
createTime: 2025-02-22 23:35:31
permalink: /en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Shenzhen-Library/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4218/4218247/11127061.jpg',
                title: 'Shenzhen Library',
                description: "Shenzhen Library was formerly known as Bao'an County Library. It was completed and opened in 1986 as...",
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4218/4218247/11127061.jpg',
                title: 'Shenzhen Library',
                description: "Shenzhen Library was formerly known as Bao'an County Library. It was completed and opened in 1986 as...",
                author: 'Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports',
                date: '2025/02/23'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Futian District
- Park Category: library
- Park Tags: City Library
- Detailed Address: No. 2001, Fuzhong 1st Road, Futian District, Shenzhen; Shenzhen Library North Branch: No. 30, Tenglong Road, Longhua District, Shenzhen.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
Shenzhen Library was formerly known as Bao'an County Library. It was completed and opened in 1986 as one of the "eight major cultural facilities" in Shenzhen. In 2006, the new library in the central area was completed and opened, with a total construction area of 49,600 square meters, more than 2,000 reading seats and 3,000 network nodes. The North Library will be open for trial operation on September 28, 2023, and officially open on December 28. It is the first major cultural facility of the new era built and completed in Shenzhen; the North Library has a total construction area of 72,000 square meters and a designed collection of 8 million books. It undertakes the functions of "one library, one library and three centers". It is not only a city public library and a city-wide document adjustment library, but also a joint editing and compiling center, network data center and document allocation center of Shenzhen's "City of Libraries". It is connected and integrated with the functions of the central area library of Shenzhen Library, and develops in a staggered manner. Together, they serve as the leading library and central library of the "City of Libraries", creating a cultural highland, promoting national reading, and leading and driving the high-quality development of the city's public library cause. By the end of 2023, Shenzhen Library has accumulated 13.5523 million books and documents. In 2023, Shenzhen Library received 3.4155 million readers, loaned 7.2605 million books, held 1,884 online and offline reader activities, with 11.3846 million readers participating, and accumulated 2.36 million followers on WeChat and Weibo. By the end of 2023, 1,125 public libraries in the city have achieved unified services, and the "City of Libraries" unified service member libraries have accumulated 4.7854 million licensed readers, with a citywide license rate of 27.09%, and a cumulative collection of 60.1437 million books and documents. In 2023, the "City of Libraries" unified service member libraries received 33.6879 million readers, loaned 22.9837 million books, held 28,000 online and offline reader activities, and 26.7734 million citizen readers participated. All data hit record highs, ranking among the top urban libraries in the country. Since its establishment, Shenzhen Library has won nearly 400 honors at all levels and types, including "National Civilized Unit", "National Respect for the Elderly Civilized Unit", "National Reading Demonstration Base", "Guangdong Provincial Civilized Unit", "Guangdong Provincial Excellent Demonstration Base for the Popularization of Humanities and Social Sciences", "Shenzhen Mayor Quality Award (Encouragement Award)", etc. It has been rated as a "first-level library" in all previous national public library evaluations and gradings, and ranked first among public libraries in sub-provincial cities and above in the sixth evaluation and grading. In 2021, the promotion of the construction of a "library city" was selected as the only project in the cultural field in the National Development and Reform Commission's "List of Innovative Measures and Experiences in the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone" and promoted nationwide, showing the country's high recognition of the library cause in Shenzhen.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: Tuesday to Sunday 9:00-21:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Shenzhen Library
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4218/4218247/11127061.jpg"
    title="Shenzhen Library"
    description="Shenzhen Library was formerly known as Bao'an County Library. It was completed and opened in 1986 as one of the 'eight major cultural facilities' in Shenzhen. In 2006, the new library in the central area was completed and opened, with a total construction area of 49,600 square meters, more than 2,000 reading seats and 3,000 network nodes. The North Library will be open for trial operation on September 28, 2023, and officially open on December 28. It is the first major cultural facility of the new era built and completed in Shenzhen; the North Library has a total construction area of 72,000 square meters and a designed collection of 8 million books. It undertakes the functions of 'one library, one library and three centers'. "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4218/4218247/11127061.jpg"
    title="Shenzhen Library"
    description="Shenzhen Library was formerly known as Bao'an County Library. It was completed and opened in 1986 as one of the 'eight major cultural facilities' in Shenzhen. In 2006, the new library in the central area was completed and opened, with a total construction area of 49,600 square meters, more than 2,000 reading seats and 3,000 network nodes. The North Library will be open for trial operation on September 28, 2023, and officially open on December 28. It is the first major cultural facility of the new era built and completed in Shenzhen; the North Library has a total construction area of 72,000 square meters and a designed collection of 8 million books. It undertakes the functions of 'one library, one library and three centers'. "
    date=""
    author="Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Subway: Children's Palace Station (Exit D) Children's Hospital Station: N9, 10, Peak Express Line 19, 38, 41, 60, 64, 107, 235, 236, M262, 374, M390, 398, K578, B686 Civic Center East Station: Peak Express Line 4, N9, Peak Express Line 17, 34, 38, 60, 64, 71, 76, 235, M347, 371, 373, 374, M390, 398, B709 Lianhuashan Park Station: N9, 14, E18, Peak Express Line 19, 25, 38, 41, 54, 60, 65, 71, K105, 107, 108, 111, 215, 228, 235, 236, 237, 322, M372, 374, 383, M390, K578, B686 Civic Center Station: N9, E18, Peak Express Line 19, 38, 41, 60, 64, 107, 123, 234, 235, 236, M262, 374, M390, 398, K578, B686

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official Information and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096571/11111303.jpg"
        title="Shenzhen Futian District Library"
        description="The Futian District Library was built in July 1999. The original site was located in the Futian District Party Committee compound. In April 2008, it moved to the library building on the west side of Lianhuashan Park and officially opened to the public on August 8. The building area is 10,260 square meters. The library has a collection of more than 400,000 books, more than 70,000 audio-visual materials, and more than 2,000 newspapers and magazines. The library has a book reading area, a newspaper reading area, a local literature area, a children's reading area, a children's English theme area, a digital reading space, and a visually impaired reading area."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Shenzhen-Futian-District-Library/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://www.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4096/4096571/11111303.jpg"
        title="Shenzhen Futian District Library"
        description="The Futian District Library was built in July 1999. The original site was located in the Futian District Party Committee compound. In April 2008, it moved to the library building on the west side of Lianhuashan Park and officially opened to the public on August 8. The building area is 10,260 square meters. The library has a collection of more than 400,000 books, more than 70,000 audio-visual materials, and more than 2,000 newspapers and magazines. The library has a book reading area, a newspaper reading area, a local literature area, a children's reading area, a children's English theme area, a digital reading space, and a visually impaired reading area."
        href="/en/Cultural-Sports-Venues/Library/Shenzhen-Futian-District-Library/"
        author="To be updated"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                                  | Data Source                                                        | Update Time         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://www.sz.gov.cn/szzt2010/szwtt/wtcg/whcg/content/post_11127061.html | Municipal Bureau of Culture, Radio, Television, Tourism and Sports | 2025-02-22 23:35:31 |
:::

