---
title: Shenzhen Fairy Lake Botanical Garden
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/SpecializedPark/BotanicalGarden/Shenzhen-Xianhu-Botanical-Garden/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4006/4006106/10829264.jpg',
                title: 'Shenzhen Fairy Lake Botanical Garden',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4006/4006106/10829264.jpg',
                title: 'Shenzhen Fairy Lake Botanical Garden',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Luohu District
- Park Category: Botanical Gardens
- Park Tags: Children's play, water recreation, climbing and looking far, special flower scenery, special book bar
- Detailed Address: No. 160, Xianhu Road, Luohu District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-25738430
- Park Introduction: Park Introduction Xianhu Botanical Garden covers an area of 668 hectares. The overall terrain is low in the middle and high around. It is composed of mountains, hills, water bodies, etc. The terrain is varied and has a good natural landscape framework. During the planning and design stage of the botanical garden, Professor Meng Zhaozhen (now an academician of the Chinese Academy of Engineering) presided over the overall planning and design. Based on the important ancient Chinese garden theory and the concept of"appropriate site selection and appropriate garden construction" in the gardening monograph"Yuan Ye" (written by Ji Cheng in the Ming Dynasty and completed in 1631), starting from the two aspects of site selection and garden construction, the"Xianhu" surrounded by mountains and water is constructed as the center of the whole garden. At the same time, the principle of"adapting to local conditions, following the situation, being clever in borrowing, and creating scenery according to the environment' in the Chinese classical gardening technique is used as the guiding ideology of planning and design. Pavilions, platforms, towers, and pavilions are set up in the waterside areas, mountainsides and some small hills with good landscape views to become scenic spots. The buildings are mainly in the flat, stable and generous style of the north, with white walls and yellow tiles (glazed tiles). At the viewing point, you can see the beautiful Xianhu Lake up close and the towering mountains, Shenzhen Reservoir and the city center in the distance, achieving the landscape effect of"clear mountains and blue sky as far as the eye can see"; on this basis, adhering to the concept of 'combining with nature and respecting nature', plant gardens with rich scientific connotations are embedded around the lake area and in the valley, and the scenic spots, scenic areas and plant gardens are organically connected into a whole through road systems at all levels, eventually forming an organism with interconnected ecological landscape points, ecological landscape lines and ecological landscape forests, making Xianhu Botanical Garden a botanical garden with beautiful scenery and rich scientific connotations. Cultural activities 1. The 19th International Botanical Congress The International Botanical Congress is the largest and highest-level conference in the field of international plant science, covering all branches of plant science. The 19th International Botanical Congress was jointly hosted by the Botanical Society of China and the Shenzhen Municipal Government. It was held at the Shenzhen Convention and Exhibition Center from July 23 to 29, 2017. This was the first time that the International Botanical Congress came to China and was held in a developing country, opening a new chapter in the history of the congress. Xianhu Botanical Garden made great efforts to participate in many preparatory work for the congress. During the meeting, thousands of representatives visited and exchanged ideas at the botanical garden, leaving a strong mark in the development history of Xianhu Botanical Garden. 2. Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Shenzhen Flower Show The 'Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Shenzhen Flower Show" is hosted by the Shenzhen Municipal People's Government and undertaken by the Shenzhen Municipal Urban Management and Comprehensive Law Enforcement Bureau. It is the first comprehensive international flower show in Shenzhen. Since 2019, the 'Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Shenzhen Flower Show" has been held in Xianhu Botanical Garden every March for three consecutive years. The exhibition content includes: International Garden Show, Boutique Garden Show, Flower Landscape Show, Flower Art Show, Container Garden and Creative Garden Show. During the flower show, more than 100 art performances and nature education activities were held. During the 2019 exhibition period, more than 716,000 visitors were attracted, making it a major local event. 3. Shenzhen Forest Concert"Shenzhen Forest Concert" is the first large-scale outdoor forest concert brand in Guangdong Province. Listen to the sounds of nature under the open-air grassland and starry sky surrounded by forests, integrate with nature, show the achievements of Shenzhen's ecological environment protection and green development, and establish an elegant and refined urban cultural image. Since 2018, the"Shenzhen Forest Concert" has been held in Xianhu Botanical Garden every winter for four consecutive sessions, attracting more than 20,000 spectators to enjoy. Each concert invites three well-known domestic and foreign symphony orchestras to perform in three days. The orchestras that have performed include: China National Symphony Orchestra, Russian National Symphony Orchestra, Austrian Vienna Symphony Orchestra, German Hannover Symphony Orchestra, Italian Milan Symphony Orchestra, Shenzhen Symphony Orchestra, Shenzhen Grand Theater Philharmonic Orchestra, etc.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-21:30 (The lake area, crape myrtle garden, fruit garden, bamboo area, bodhi tree lawn and other areas in the Paradise will be closed to the public one after another)

:::

## Tour Route
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1334/1334818/10829264.jpg"
title="Shenzhen Fairy Lake Botanical Garden游玩路径图"
description="游玩路径示意图"
/>



## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Shenzhen Fairy Lake Botanical Garden
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Shenzhen Fairy Lake Botanical Garden"
    description="Starting from the main entrance of Xianhu Botanical Garden (Xianhu Square), there are rich and diverse scenery to enjoy along the way. But the most concentrated place is the various garden landscapes, pavilions and plant specialty gardens centered on Xianhu. It includes six major scenic spots, including Tianshang Renjian, Lake District, Bonsai Garden, Cycad Garden, Fossil Forest, and Diegu Youlan. Taking full advantage of the good natural landscape framework of Wutong Mountain, the highest peak in Shenzhen, with green mountains and ridges in the east and the vast Shenzhen Reservoir in the west, the design principle of 'combining with nature and respecting nature' is adopted, the design aesthetics and design philosophy are organically combined, the gardening techniques of oriental classical freehand landscape gardens are used as the outline, and the artistic ideas of Western gardens and modern landscapes are absorbed to build the botanical garden into a poetic garden like the realm of Xianshan Zen. In these six major scenic spots, 21 plant specialty gardens, including Cycad Garden, Fern Garden, Medicine Garden, Magnolia Garden, Podocarpus Garden, Palm Garden, etc., are distributed in the six major scenic spots according to their required habitats. They are like pearls inlaid in the natural mountains and forests, shining brightly. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Shenzhen Fairy Lake Botanical Garden"
    description="Starting from the main entrance of Xianhu Botanical Garden (Xianhu Square), there are rich and diverse scenery to enjoy along the way. But the most concentrated place is the various garden landscapes, pavilions and plant specialty gardens centered on Xianhu. It includes six major scenic spots, including Tianshang Renjian, Lake District, Bonsai Garden, Cycad Garden, Fossil Forest, and Diegu Youlan. Taking full advantage of the good natural landscape framework of Wutong Mountain, the highest peak in Shenzhen, with green mountains and ridges in the east and the vast Shenzhen Reservoir in the west, the design principle of 'combining with nature and respecting nature' is adopted, the design aesthetics and design philosophy are organically combined, the gardening techniques of oriental classical freehand landscape gardens are used as the outline, and the artistic ideas of Western gardens and modern landscapes are absorbed to build the botanical garden into a poetic garden like the realm of Xianshan Zen. In these six major scenic spots, 21 plant specialty gardens, including Cycad Garden, Fern Garden, Medicine Garden, Magnolia Garden, Podocarpus Garden, Palm Garden, etc., are distributed in the six major scenic spots according to their required habitats. They are like pearls inlaid in the natural mountains and forests, shining brightly. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005717/10829325.jpg"
        title="Shenzhen North Station Central Park"
        description="Shenzhen North Station Central Park is located on Zhiyuan Middle Road in the east, across the road from Shenzhen North Station West Square, and in the same vein"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Shenzhen-North-Station-Central-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005717/10829325.jpg"
        title="Shenzhen North Station Central Park"
        description="Shenzhen North Station Central Park is located on Zhiyuan Middle Road in the east, across the road from Shenzhen North Station West Square, and in the same vein"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Shenzhen-North-Station-Central-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10829264.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

