---
title: Tanglangshan Country Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/CountryPark/Tanglangshan-Country-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005971/10830426.jpg',
                title: 'Tanglangshan Country Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005971/10830426.jpg',
                title: 'Tanglangshan Country Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Nanshan District
- Park Category: Country Parks
- Park Tags: Climbing and hiking in the countryside
- Detailed Address: No. 51, Longzhu 6th Road, Longzhu Avenue, Nanshan District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-26798753
- Park Introduction: Tanglangshan Country Park is located in Nanshan District, Shenzhen. It was built in 2002 and covers an area of about 10 square kilometers. It is a hilly mountain area. The highest peak, Tanglangding, is 430 meters above sea level. It can overlook Hong Kong from afar and Shenzhen from nearby. It is a natural green barrier for the prosperous metropolis of Shenzhen. The park is rich in animal and plant resources and features natural ecology. Lush forests, grass slopes, wild flowers and fruits, and mountain streams are scattered throughout the park, with charming mountain scenery and natural scenery. The vegetation is dense and the forests are verdant. The forest coverage rate is 87%. There are about 600 species of plants, including national key protected plants such as Cyathula, Cycad Fern, Agarwood, Golden Dog, etc., a total of 7 families, 7 genera and 7 species. The animal resources are rich and diverse. Wild animals such as eagles, thrushes, kingfishers, wild boars, butterflies, and macaques coexist harmoniously, adding vitality to the quiet mountains and forests. Among them, butterflies and macaques are the most distinctive. There are as many as 31 species of butterflies in 8 families, such as the blue-spotted purple butterfly, the Paris green swallowtail, and the jade belt swallowtail. Tour route The park is a suburban park, featuring mountaineering, fitness and leisure. At present, the park has built eight main mountaineering trails with a total length of about 16 kilometers, which are connected to Meilin Mountain Park. It is a good resort for citizens to climb mountains and exercise. The Jimu Pavilion Mountain Trail is 4.5 kilometers long and can reach the top of the mountain in about 60 minutes. The Liyun Mountain Trail is 1.7 kilometers long and is a walking step throughout the whole journey, which is suitable for hiking and fitness. The six mountaineering trails in Shenyun Valley Scenic Area, including Leshan Trail, Cuizhu Trail, Tea Fragrance Trail, Acacia Trail, Camphor Trail and Phoenix Trail, are about 9.6 kilometers in total. The six mountaineering trails are interconnected and intertwined, which are suitable for short walks for the whole family, and can also be used for mountaineering and fitness for people who like to exercise.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 7:30-22:00

:::

## Tour Route
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/attachment/1/1334/1334679/10830426.png"
title="Tanglangshan Country Park游玩路径图"
description="游玩路径示意图"
/>



## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Tanglangshan Country Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Tanglangshan Country Park"
    description="Tanglangding, located at the highest point of Tanglang Mountain, overlooks Hong Kong from afar and Shenzhen nearby. It can overlook the urban landscapes of Luohu, Futian, Nanshan, Qianhai, Bao'an, Xili and Longhua, and has a panoramic view of the beautiful scenery of Shenzhen's mountains, seas and cities. Shenyun Valley Scenic Area, located at the southern foot of the park, was completed and opened to the public in December 2021, covering an area of about 443 hectares, featuring mountaineering, fitness and leisure. According to the functions and landscape features, it is divided into Shenyun Square, six mountain trails (Leshan Trail, Cuizhu Trail, Tea Fragrance Trail, Acacia Trail, Camphor Trail, Phoenix Trail) and three valleys (Shenyun Valley, Butterfly Valley, Alsophila Valley) and other theme areas. The scenic area is intertwined with gullies, mountain streams, wild flowers and fruits, and exudes the fragrance of nature everywhere."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Tanglangshan Country Park"
    description="Tanglangding, located at the highest point of Tanglang Mountain, overlooks Hong Kong from afar and Shenzhen nearby. It can overlook the urban landscapes of Luohu, Futian, Nanshan, Qianhai, Bao'an, Xili and Longhua, and has a panoramic view of the beautiful scenery of Shenzhen's mountains, seas and cities. Shenyun Valley Scenic Area, located at the southern foot of the park, was completed and opened to the public in December 2021, covering an area of about 443 hectares, featuring mountaineering, fitness and leisure. According to the functions and landscape features, it is divided into Shenyun Square, six mountain trails (Leshan Trail, Cuizhu Trail, Tea Fragrance Trail, Acacia Trail, Camphor Trail, Phoenix Trail) and three valleys (Shenyun Valley, Butterfly Valley, Alsophila Valley) and other theme areas. The scenic area is intertwined with gullies, mountain streams, wild flowers and fruits, and exudes the fragrance of nature everywhere."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: Transportation: 500 meters from Taoyuan Village Subway Station - Exit D, about 8 minutes" walk

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005907/10830423.png"
        title="Yanhanshan Country Park"
        description="Yanhan Mountain Country Park covers an area of 24.5 hectares and is located in t"
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/CountryPark/Yanhanshan-Country-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005907/10830423.png"
        title="Yanhanshan Country Park"
        description="Yanhan Mountain Country Park covers an area of 24.5 hectares and is located in t"
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/CountryPark/Yanhanshan-Country-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/zrgy/content/post_10830426.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

