---
title: Hung Tin Volcano Country Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/CountryPark/Hongtian-Volcano-Country-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005948/10775219.png',
                title: 'Hung Tin Volcano Country Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005948/10775219.png',
                title: 'Hung Tin Volcano Country Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Bao'an District
- Park Category: Country Parks
- Park Tags: Humanities and History Climb High and Look Far Away Red Mark
- Detailed Address: Hongtian Volcano Country Park, No. 139 Hongtian Road, Xinqiao Subdistrict
- Inquiry Phone: 27275905
- Park Introduction: Hongtian Volcano Country Park covers a total area of 1,380,818 square meters, and mainly grows peach trees, ginkgo trees, osmanthus trees and other tree species. The park integrates the city and nature, breaking the"wall" boundary between the city and nature. Through the consideration of the overall ecosystem and the construction of landscape infrastructure, it introduces a good ecological cycle system into the landscaped city, creates an ecological space with blue and green interweaving, and enables people to obtain a healthy, beautiful and sustainable urban living environment. At the same time, the park integrates the community and green space, closely echoes the city axis, creates a perceptible urban style, shapes the city's green living room, and injects infinite vitality into urban development.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Hung Tin Volcano Country Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Hung Tin Volcano Country Park"
    description="1. Ciyun Pavilion: First built in the Qing Dynasty, it has a history of more than 300 years and is a Buddhist temple famous in Lingnan. The scenic spot is very popular and is crowded with tourists. It is a holy place for burning incense and worshipping Buddha. 2. Shajing Revolutionary Martyrs Monument: Located in the southeast of Hongtian Volcano Park, it is located at the junction of Shajing and Fuyong Streets. It was built in 2000. The new site is located at the place where seven martyrs of the Dongjiang Column Guerrilla Team died during the Anti-Japanese War. The 'Hongtian Seven Martyrs Tomb' was built, close to the volcano and Guanyin Temple. The monument garden is located on a small hill nearly 100 meters high on the southeast side of Hongtian Volcano. There are stone steps leading to the top of the mountain. The length and width of the monument garden on the top of the mountain are nearly 50 meters, and there are 1.5-meter-high stainless steel guardrails around it."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Hung Tin Volcano Country Park"
    description="1. Ciyun Pavilion: First built in the Qing Dynasty, it has a history of more than 300 years and is a Buddhist temple famous in Lingnan. The scenic spot is very popular and is crowded with tourists. It is a holy place for burning incense and worshipping Buddha. 2. Shajing Revolutionary Martyrs Monument: Located in the southeast of Hongtian Volcano Park, it is located at the junction of Shajing and Fuyong Streets. It was built in 2000. The new site is located at the place where seven martyrs of the Dongjiang Column Guerrilla Team died during the Anti-Japanese War. The 'Hongtian Seven Martyrs Tomb' was built, close to the volcano and Guanyin Temple. The monument garden is located on a small hill nearly 100 meters high on the southeast side of Hongtian Volcano. There are stone steps leading to the top of the mountain. The length and width of the monument garden on the top of the mountain are nearly 50 meters, and there are 1.5-meter-high stainless steel guardrails around it."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005685/10774651.jpg"
        title="Wuzhipa Forest Park"
        description="Shenzhen Wuzhiba Forest Park is under the jurisdiction of Shenzhen Park Manageme"
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/ForestPark/Wuzhiba-Forest-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005685/10774651.jpg"
        title="Wuzhipa Forest Park"
        description="Shenzhen Wuzhiba Forest Park is under the jurisdiction of Shenzhen Park Manageme"
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/ForestPark/Wuzhiba-Forest-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/zrgy/content/post_10775219.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

