---
title: Silver Lake Hill Country Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/CountryPark/Yinhu-Mountain-Country-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005969/10830425.jpg',
                title: 'Silver Lake Hill Country Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005969/10830425.jpg',
                title: 'Silver Lake Hill Country Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Luohu District
- Park Category: Country Parks
- Park Tags: Countryside hiking, water recreation, climbing and viewing
- Detailed Address: Located in the central part of Shenzhen, it spans four administrative districts: Luohu, Futian, Longgang and Longhua

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
 Yinhushan Country Park is located in the central part of Shenzhen, spanning four administrative districts: Luohu, Futian, Longgang and Longhua. It covers a total area of 12.02 square kilometers and was partially completed and opened in 2010. The park is still under construction. The park has deep ditches and lush forests, with flowing water from time to time. The highest peak is Jigong Mountain, which is 445 meters above sea level. It is a green landscape in Shenzhen. The main construction contents of the park include the Yaochi Dicui Scenic Area under construction, the Dongri Lansheng Scenic Area that has been opened, the mountain greenway and the mountaineering trail. Park History In June and December 2004, the municipal government held two office meetings to study the relevant issues of accelerating the construction of country parks, and decided to agree to prepare for the construction of Yinhushan Country Park. In March 2005, the Municipal Development and Reform Bureau issued a document to formally approve the project of Yinhushan Country Park. In 2012, the Municipal Greening Management Office completed the construction of the Yinhushan section of the newly built Provincial Greenway Line 5 and handed it over to Yinhushan Park. In 2014, the construction of the park's winter scenic area and supporting facilities on the mountain began. At present, the construction of the winter scenic area has been basically completed. There are two entrances and exits to the mountain on the park greenway. Because there is no parking lot, it is inconvenient to drive by car. One of the entrances and exits is located next to the Bantian Zhengkeng Reservoir, and it is connected by Bantian Ring Road to Yongxiang Road. You can take a bus to the"Galite" station and walk 1.5 kilometers along the greenway sign to the entrance; the other is located next to the Yinhu Sanjiu dormitory, and go straight west from Jinhu Road to the second line. You can take a bus to the"City Rescue Station" and walk 1 kilometer along the greenway sign to the entrance. This section of the greenway is built from north to south along the halfway of Yinhu Mountain. The total length between the two entrances and exits is 11.265 kilometers. The ups and downs are relatively steep. The estimated climbing time is 3-4 hours, which is more suitable for family travel.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Silver Lake Hill Country Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Silver Lake Hill Country Park"
    description="Greenway Hiking Trail: There is a greenway about 11 kilometers long and a 4-kilometer hiking trail on Yinhu Mountain, which is built along the mountain from Yinhu to Bantian. Let you slow down, feel the fresh air, gentle breeze and pleasant bird songs, take you away from the hustle and bustle of the city, experience the wildness of the mountains and forests, and return to the embrace of nature. It is a good place for you to climb mountains, tour, exercise and relax. Winter Scenic Spot: Covering an area of 240,000 square meters, a lakeside trail and rest platform are built around the Nankeng Reservoir in Bantian. Stroll along the trail in the park and you can see the lake and mountains. Yaochi Dicui Scenic Spot: Covering an area of 640,000 square meters, the main entrance is connected from Bantian Ring Road to Yongxiang Road. After the completion of the scenic spot, it will create an urban park for Bantian residents that integrates sightseeing and rest, plant appreciation, science education, sports and leisure activities. The scenic spot is currently under construction and has not yet been opened."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Silver Lake Hill Country Park"
    description="Greenway Hiking Trail: There is a greenway about 11 kilometers long and a 4-kilometer hiking trail on Yinhu Mountain, which is built along the mountain from Yinhu to Bantian. Let you slow down, feel the fresh air, gentle breeze and pleasant bird songs, take you away from the hustle and bustle of the city, experience the wildness of the mountains and forests, and return to the embrace of nature. It is a good place for you to climb mountains, tour, exercise and relax. Winter Scenic Spot: Covering an area of 240,000 square meters, a lakeside trail and rest platform are built around the Nankeng Reservoir in Bantian. Stroll along the trail in the park and you can see the lake and mountains. Yaochi Dicui Scenic Spot: Covering an area of 640,000 square meters, the main entrance is connected from Bantian Ring Road to Yongxiang Road. After the completion of the scenic spot, it will create an urban park for Bantian residents that integrates sightseeing and rest, plant appreciation, science education, sports and leisure activities. The scenic spot is currently under construction and has not yet been opened."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official media and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005927/10775158.jpg"
        title="Shenzhen Wutong Mountain Scenic Area"
        description="Wutong Mountain Scenic Area was established in 1989, was rated as a provincial s"
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/Scenic-HistoricAreas/Shenzhen-Wutong-Mountain-Scenic-Area/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005927/10775158.jpg"
        title="Shenzhen Wutong Mountain Scenic Area"
        description="Wutong Mountain Scenic Area was established in 1989, was rated as a provincial s"
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/Scenic-HistoricAreas/Shenzhen-Wutong-Mountain-Scenic-Area/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/zrgy/content/post_10830425.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

