---
title: Baguang Silverleaf Wetland Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/WetlandPark/Baguang-Silver-Leaf-Tree-Wetland-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005825/10774929.jpg',
                title: 'Baguang Silverleaf Wetland Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005825/10774929.jpg',
                title: 'Baguang Silverleaf Wetland Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Dapeng New District
- Park Category: Wetland Park
- Park Tags: Countryside hiking tent area
- Detailed Address: Shenzhen International Bio Valley, northeast of Dapeng New District
- Inquiry Phone: 28333142
- Park Introduction: The Baguang Silver Leaf Tree Wetland Park is located in Shenzhen International Bio Valley in the northeast of Dapeng New District, covering an area of about 96 hectares. The wetland park mainly preserves the original appearance of the ancient village and the forest, practices the concept of"ecology first, protection first", respects the current ecological conditions of the site to the greatest extent, makes the smallest transformation of the park, restores the original ecological texture of the park, and provides possibilities for the natural succession of the park in the future. The wetland park is divided into two major areas, south and north. The north is the main body of the park, including three major theme areas of cultural landscape experience, leisure and entertainment experience, and wetland ecological experience. The south is mainly based on the Yanzao Reservoir and greenway. There is a 3.3-kilometer-long greenway around the reservoir, which perfectly coexists with the reservoir and forms a natural oxygen bar with water and sky. After the gorgeous transformation, the Baguang Silver Leaf Tree Wetland Park is like a dazzling pearl inlaid in the Greater Bay Area, becoming the ecological business card of Shenzhen International Bio Valley, an internationally renowned coastal wetland park and Shenzhen's high-end ecological living room. Cultural activities Since 2020, Baguang Nature School has launched the first phase of the coastal intertidal zone science line in the wetland park, and has successively carried out mangrove baby adoption classes,"Visiting the Child-Friendly Coastal Crossing Line", intertidal zone ecosystem education classes and other activities. On the 1.5-kilometer coastal science line of the wetland park, there are various peculiar coastline landforms such as sandy beaches, red stone beaches, red stone sea erosion platforms, and black sea erosion landforms. There are also intertidal organisms such as anemones, barnacles, turtle feet, and stone ulva. It is one of the most suitable areas in Shenzhen for conducting intertidal zone classes. At the same time, mangrove species are very rich, and 9 local mangroves in Shenzhen, such as white bone soil, autumn candelabra, tung tree, and Bruguiera gymnorrhiza, are distributed. At present, it is making every effort to build it into Shenzhen’s first"child-friendly coastal crossing line" to create a marine ecological education demonstration to help the construction of the global marine center city concentrated bearing area in Dapeng New District.

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 7:00-19:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Baguang Silverleaf Wetland Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Baguang Silverleaf Wetland Park"
    description="1. Yanzao Ancient Village. The park is divided into the east and west sides by the Hongqiao Bridge, the main square of the North District Park. On the west side, there is the ancient village of Yanzao, which carries the memory of the Hakka people 300 years ago. Nearly 90 buildings are preserved, of which 33 are used as museums to vividly display Hakka culture and mangrove science knowledge. After the renovation, the ancient village has white walls and brown tiles. Various Hakka folk sculptures are placed at the head and end of the village, vividly telling the stories that once happened here. 2. Silver Leaf Ancient Tree Community. Behind the ancient village is the Silver Leaf Tree Protection Area, which is the most complete and oldest natural ancient silver leaf tree community discovered in the world so far, with an average age of about 100 years. There is one silver leaf tree over 500 years old, and nearly 30 trees over 200 years old. More than 50 species of wild birds live here all year round. Along the suspended plank road, you can explore this ancient silver leaf forest in depth and feel the magic of a long time gathering here."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Baguang Silverleaf Wetland Park"
    description="1. Yanzao Ancient Village. The park is divided into the east and west sides by the Hongqiao Bridge, the main square of the North District Park. On the west side, there is the ancient village of Yanzao, which carries the memory of the Hakka people 300 years ago. Nearly 90 buildings are preserved, of which 33 are used as museums to vividly display Hakka culture and mangrove science knowledge. After the renovation, the ancient village has white walls and brown tiles. Various Hakka folk sculptures are placed at the head and end of the village, vividly telling the stories that once happened here. 2. Silver Leaf Ancient Tree Community. Behind the ancient village is the Silver Leaf Tree Protection Area, which is the most complete and oldest natural ancient silver leaf tree community discovered in the world so far, with an average age of about 100 years. There is one silver leaf tree over 500 years old, and nearly 30 trees over 200 years old. More than 50 species of wild birds live here all year round. Along the suspended plank road, you can explore this ancient silver leaf forest in depth and feel the magic of a long time gathering here."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## 官方媒体与联系方式

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005950/10775222.jpg"
        title="Tung Chung Mangrove Wetland Park"
        description="Tung Chung Mangrove Wetland Park is a large-scale comprehensive wetland park wit"
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/WetlandPark/Tungchong-Mangrove-Wetland-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005950/10775222.jpg"
        title="Tung Chung Mangrove Wetland Park"
        description="Tung Chung Mangrove Wetland Park is a large-scale comprehensive wetland park wit"
        href="/en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/WetlandPark/Tungchong-Mangrove-Wetland-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/zrgy/content/post_10774929.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

