---
title: Xiwan Mangrove Wetland Park
createTime: 2025-03-17 21:53:04
permalink: /en/LandscapeLeisureGreenSpace/WetlandPark/Xiwan-Mangrove-Wetland-Park/
---


<script setup>
import ImageSwiper from '/.vuepress/theme/components/ImageSwiper.vue'
// 轮播图数据
const swiperItems = [
    {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005757/10774777.png',
                title: 'Xiwan Mangrove Wetland Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                },
  {
                link: 'https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005757/10774777.png',
                title: 'Xiwan Mangrove Wetland Park',
                description: '',
                author: 'Shenzhen Government Online',
                date: '2025/03/17'
                }
]
// 配置项
const swiperConfig = {
  height: 500,
  showInfo: true
}
</script>
<!-- 轮播图组件 -->
<ImageSwiper :items="swiperItems" :config="swiperConfig" />



## Basic Information

::: tabs#basic-info

@tab:active Park Overview
### Park Overview
- Region: Bao'an District
- Park Category: Wetland Park
- Park Tags: Wetland landscape, bird watching, coastal leisure, special book bar, children's play
- Detailed Address: The intersection of Jinwan Avenue and Xihai, Bao'an District, Shenzhen
- Inquiry Phone: 0755-29662276

@tab Park Introduction
### Park Introduction
 Xiwan Mangrove Park is the only coastal leisure park in Bao'an District. It is located along the Xihai Dike in Xixiang Street, with a total area of 551,000 square meters. It is divided into two phases for construction: Phase I and Phase I B. Among them: Phase I is 709 meters long along the West Sea Dike, covering an area of 93,000 square meters, and the environmental design area is about 53,500 square meters; Phase I B is more than 2,000 meters long along the West Sea Dike, covering an area of 458,000 square meters, with an environmental design area of 253,700 square meters, and a seawall repair area of 107,000 square meters. The main construction contents of the park include: site leveling, soft foundation treatment, new roads, park construction projects (11 public toilets, viewing plank roads, docks, squares, etc.), seawall repair, Nanchang Mirror Lake (artificial river), parking lots (2 underground parking garages, 2 open-air parking lots with a total of 1,501 parking spaces), landscape bridges, sea viewing trestle bridges, pedestrian platforms, street lighting, greening, supporting service rooms, etc.

@tab Opening Hours
### Opening Hours
- Park Opening Hours: 6:00-23:00

:::

## Featured Attractions

::: tabs#park-intro

@tab Xiwan Mangrove Wetland Park
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Xiwan Mangrove Wetland Park"
    description="1. Mangrove Main Square: Located on the south side of Jinghu Lake, it covers an area of about 20,000 square meters. It is the main entrance and gathering place of the park. The combination of giant yellow wax stone and Canary seaweed highlights the elements of the sea and guides people's vision to the direction of the sea. 2. Gushu Wharf: The construction area of Gushu Wharf is 3432 square meters. The stone slab bridge that gushes out of the estuary of Nanchang connects the restored Gushu Wharf on both sides, one main and one secondary, one real and one virtual, showing the glory of Xixiang's commercial culture in the past. A group of relief scrolls, which are engraved with the ebb and flow of the Lingdingyang and the changes of the world, also carry the dreams of Bao'an people to go to the ocean and reform and open up. A proudly standing archway, as if passing through the smoke of history, shows the innovative spirit of the fishermen of Gushu Wharf to fight against the wind and waves. 3. Qilin Sea Protection: The mangrove belt on the coastline of Qilin Sea Protection is about 1.3 kilometers long, covers an area of about 120 acres, and has a growth history of nearly 15 years. The main species are Sonneratia apetala and Candel. The park has designed a walking trail on the shoreline close to the mangroves, providing the best place for tourists to watch the sea, waves and mangroves. 4. Love Pier and Wenong Bridge: The Love Pier has a construction area of 1,638 square meters, with Wenong Bridge on one side. "
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

@tab To be updated
<ImageCard
image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/images/index20230710_1.png"
    title="Xiwan Mangrove Wetland Park"
    description="1. Mangrove Main Square: Located on the south side of Jinghu Lake, it covers an area of about 20,000 square meters. It is the main entrance and gathering place of the park. The combination of giant yellow wax stone and Canary seaweed highlights the elements of the sea and guides people's vision to the direction of the sea. 2. Gushu Wharf: The construction area of Gushu Wharf is 3432 square meters. The stone slab bridge that gushes out of the estuary of Nanchang connects the restored Gushu Wharf on both sides, one main and one secondary, one real and one virtual, showing the glory of Xixiang's commercial culture in the past. A group of relief scrolls, which are engraved with the ebb and flow of the Lingdingyang and the changes of the world, also carry the dreams of Bao'an people to go to the ocean and reform and open up. A proudly standing archway, as if passing through the smoke of history, shows the innovative spirit of the fishermen of Gushu Wharf to fight against the wind and waves. 3. Qilin Sea Protection: The mangrove belt on the coastline of Qilin Sea Protection is about 1.3 kilometers long, covers an area of about 120 acres, and has a growth history of nearly 15 years. The main species are Sonneratia apetala and Candel. The park has designed a walking trail on the shoreline close to the mangroves, providing the best place for tourists to watch the sea, waves and mangroves. 4. Love Pier and Wenong Bridge: The Love Pier has a construction area of 1,638 square meters, with Wenong Bridge on one side."
    date=""
    author="Shenzhen Government Online"
/>


- Highlights：To be updated
- Core Landscape：To be updated
- Design Features：To be updated
- Facilities：To be updated
- Functions：To be updated
- Suitable for Sports：To be updated

:::

## Ticket Information

::: tabs#ticket-info

@tab Ticket Price
- Adult Ticket: free
- Child/Student Ticket: free
- Senior Ticket: free

@tab Discount Policy
- Discount Description: free

:::

## Transportation Guide

::: tabs#parking-intro

@tab Entrance Location
- Main Entrance: To be updated
- Secondary Entrance: To be updated

@tab Bus Routes and Stops
- Bus Stop: To be updated

@tab Subway Routes and Stops
- Subway Station: To be updated

@tab Parking Lot
- Parking Lot Location: To be updated
- Whether Advance Reservation is Required: To be updated
- Parking Space Availability: To be updated
- Parking Fee: To be updated

:::

## Event Schedule

::: tabs#activities

@tab Regular Activities
To be updated

@tab Special Events
To be updated

@tab Festival Activities
To be updated

:::

## Official media and Contact Details

::: tabs#contact-info

@tab Social Media
- Official Website: To be updated
- WeChat Official Account: To be updated
- Weibo: To be updated
- Other Social Media: To be updated

@tab Contact Information

:::

## Facility Services

::: tabs#Facility-Services

@tab Public Restroom
- Number of Public Restrooms：To be updated
- Public Restroom Facilities：

@tab Water Dispenser
- Number of Water Dispensers：To be updated
- Water Dispenser Facilities：

@tab Rest Area
- Number of Rest Areas：To be updated
- Rest Area Facilities：

@tab Dining Services
- Number of Dining Services：To be updated
- Dining Service Facilities：

@tab Children's Play Area
- Number of Children's Play Areas：To be updated
- Children's Play Area Facilities：

@tab Bicycle Rental
- Number of Bicycle Rentals：To be updated
- Bicycle Rental Facilities：

@tab Camping Area
- Number of Camping Areas：To be updated
- Camping Area Facilities：

@tab Picnic Area
- Number of Picnic Areas：To be updated
- Picnic Area Facilities：

:::

## Friendly Reminder

::: tabs#tips

@tab Tour Tips
- To be updated

@tab Transportation Tips
- To be updated

@tab Environmental Tips
- To be updated

:::

## Recommended Nearby Parks Scenic Spots, and Venues

<CardGrid>
  <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005758/10774778.jpg"
        title="Haoxiang Lake Park"
        description="Haoxiang Lake Park is located in Shajing Street, Bao'an District, Shenzhen City, with a total area of about 150,000 square meters. It opened in December 2020. T"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Haoxiang-Lake-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
      <ImageCard
        image="https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/img/4/4005/4005758/10774778.jpg"
        title="Haoxiang Lake Park"
        description="Haoxiang Lake Park is located in Shajing Street, Bao'an District, Shenzhen City, with a total area of about 150,000 square meters. It opened in December 2020. T"
        href="/en/ComprehensivePark/Haoxiang-Lake-Park/"
        author="Shenzhen Government Online"
        date="2025/01/02"
      />
    </CardGrid>


## Reference Data Source

::: details Data Source and Update Time
| Serial Number | Data Tag                                                        | Data Source                | Update Time         |
| ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------- |
| [1]           | https://cgj.sz.gov.cn/xsmh/gysz/csgy/content/post_10774777.html | Shenzhen Government Online | 2025-03-17 21:53:04 |
:::

